1- Consider the number of clubs that have qualified for the European Champions' League top eight slots.
2- Estonia did not need to ponder long about the options it faced.
3- This was due to sound economic policy in the US (starting with the Bush-Mitchell-Foley tax increase of 1990), as well as some extraordinarily good luck in America.
4- So China's democratic transition may be closer than anyone realizes.
5- Worse still, the demographic threat is being heightened by the way most countries finance their public pension schemes.
6- Only under the most biting international criticism and censure did China grudgingly admit that there were 340 cases in Beijing, with over 400 more suspected cases.
7- The war on terrorism is not a clash of civilizations - Islam versus the West - but a civil war within Islamic civilization between extremists who use violence to enforce their vision and a moderate majority who want things like jobs, education, health care, and dignity as they pursue their faith.
8- At current carbon prices, the value of carbon sequestration by tropical rainforests likely equals or exceeds the current level of international aid being provided to developing countries.
9- Fiscal policy should remain largely decentralized, save for a few exceptions;
10- Rather than relying on sanctions and threats of force, the idea is to underpin long-term prosperity in today's unstable regions.
11- A year remains before us.
12- At the same time, we often overlook the health benefits of spending money in ways that have nothing to do with the direct delivery of medical care: education and health, for example, are strongly correlated: the higher the former the better the latter.
13- South Africa is a notable exception, offering the best prospect for driving regional economic integration, but it, too, has chronic social problems and, compared to East Asia, anemic economic growth.
14- That will put more pressure on the country's already limited stock of agricultural land.
15- Europe's Secular Mission
16- Despite occasional efforts at conservation, rich countries always go back to "business as usual."
17- Italy has long had a large Communist Party, and the left may be in power again; but there is no gut antagonism to the freedoms that capitalism encourages.
18- On difficult nuclear issues, such as North Korea and Iran, Bush has pursued multilateral consultation and coordination with other powers.
19- Such thoughts may seem heretical now, but without heresy there will be no reform.
20- (To be precise, Nato must treat the applications of all three Baltic countries together.
21- Indeed, Europeans will only succeed in building the wider Europe if they are open to what is foreign to them.
22- Excuses, excuses.
23- Gone is the moderate policy towards China that Chen espoused previously.
24- Indeed, genital mutilation makes a woman's experience of sex, that taboo of taboos, into a painful, humiliating, punitive procedure.
25- When will Russians stop being maniac and obsessive about America?
26- This property, it now seems, could be reclaimed by the state at any moment.
27- In this instance five key areas of uncertainty and risk exist.
28- After the political rebellion and lootings of this past February, Bolivia's Catholic bishops made real and consistent efforts to create a harmonious space for dialogue.
29- With weapons of mass destruction nowhere to be found, the justice of this intervention remains an open question--one that now turns on the coalition's efforts to establish the rudiments of legality in Iraq.
30- The new members could, of course, benefit from investment pouring in from current EU countries.
31- As they are economically small, the rest of the EU would barely shudder.
32- What would an account about evil be like if the author refused to identify himself with either the hero or the victim?
33- Iraq's political culture - and that of most of the Middle East - is incompatible with the basic components of a recognizable Western-style democracy: notions of individual rights and responsibilities are lacking, the concept of a patriarchal state is deeply rooted, and individual cultural identity is rarely tied to the national community.
34- The gap between the respective qualities of China's economic and scientific elites, on the one hand, and its ruling political elites, on the other, is simply too monumental -- and still growing -- for stability to be taken for granted.
35- This history accounts for the type of conservatism practiced by the Christian-Democratic Union (CDU) and Christian-Social Union (CSU), who focus on moderation and balance, preservation and innovation, and on commanding Germany's political center.
36- His appraisal of his record in office is notably accurate, and stands as a convincing testament to the effectiveness of his leadership.
37- But it is also more than just a normal country: Germany remains central to holding together the two international institutions that will continue to assure its well-being, the European Union and the Atlantic alliance.
38- Saddam will cooperate with UN inspectors only as long as the American threat remains, and the US may conclude that it cannot afford that.
39- At the same time, people's irrational fears and secret desires could not be suppressed.
40- But that can happen only if the EU regains its confidence and steps into a positive role -- one that it must play with, not against, the US.
41- It is also dangerous and destructive, and was in large part responsible for Europe's hideous politics in the first half of the 20th century.
42- America needs profound soul-searching.
43- America's democracy remains the envy of much of the world, and it is good that the Bush administration now champions the expansion of democracy forcefully.
44- Call this capital-"c" Conservatism--a philosophy long understood to imply nationalism and vigorous defense of the established and entrenched legal and social order.
45- This passage is a famous statement of the utility of self-interest.
46- But Germany revived because the Western occupation forces made clear their intention to let it do so, and helped indigenous forces on their way.
47- Japan's bilateral trade surplus is nearly the same size as its savings in the US.
48- To further the Summit's goals, Dr. Gro Harlem Brundtland asked me to head a Commission on Macroeconomics and Health with the aim of charting a path for the world to achieve those MDGs in health and poverty reduction.
49- He has even done the math: sixty years have indeed passed since the Holocaust ended, five times the actual period of Nazi rule in Germany.
50- That seems to be happening.
51- But Europe also found a productive balance between church and state.
52- So in terms of cross-Straits stability, China can be said to be every bit as provocative as Taiwan, and matters may yet spin out of control if leaders on both sides continue their recklessness.
53- In fact, the Chechen war would not have lasted as long as it has if it weren't for corrupt generals, officers, clerks, and policemen who sell weapons and supplies to the rebels.
54- Eventually productivity gains in a larger export sector will drive up real wages and consumption.
55- This does not mean that we cannot identify honest politicians when we see them.
56- They also cite investment opportunities in emerging markets, and make the obvious point that if China and India stay on track, their economies' relative weight in the world will double in the next decade or so, as rapid real growth is accompanied by appreciation in their real exchange rates.
57- One of Monnet's first actions was to declare that modernization could not be attained while the French worked such short hours; a 45-hour working week was the minimum that was necessary.
58- Second, the international context in which the EU operates is being transformed by the strategic revolution underway in Washington.
59- This means that the coalition cannot do whatever it wishes with Saddam's henchmen and war criminals.
60- Assume that the Japanese government financed its deficit partly by printing money rather than borrowing. Some individuals and firms who receive this money might simply hold on to the newly minted yen, but others might choose to spend it on goods and services, thereby stimulating the economy.
61- The abuses that have been documented at places such as Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo may not have been an inevitable consequence of the administration's legal memos, but surely those memos increased enormously the likelihood that torture would be viewed as acceptable.
62- Is the democratic tide reversing?
63- Once the Chinese recognized their place as newcomers, they had to accept that becoming full nationals of the new nation state was a status that needed to be earned.
64- The biggest costs in Iraq are not for reconstruction but for US troops.
65- A manicure, carwash, or a massage is often only a stone's throw from one's home.
66- These superfunds, whose managers do not necessarily share the same passion for profit as private investors, are said to be squeezing the life out of interest rates and exchange rates.
67- Demographic developments alone require major reforms of social policy.
68- Popular culture was also important during the Cold War.
69- Indeed, female participation in the workforce is higher in the US than in the European Union (70% versus 60%).
70- Old men, unsurprisingly, find it hard to cope with the breakdown of the assumptions that have governed their entire lives.
71- With that, Hezbollah threw away its political position in Lebanon.
72- But this does not guarantee that future drops will have a similar outcome.
73- Eliminating it will not only help farmers and the West as it tries to curtail heroin use, but also Afghanistan's infant government as it struggles to assert its national authority against the warlords.
74- Deposit insurance creates what economists call "moral hazard," people who are insured against an unpleasant event are not as careful as they would otherwise be in trying to avoid that event.
75- The problem is a challenge especially for Europe.
76- In particular, many analyses nowadays promote an ethnic model, reducing Iraq to an artificial construct that rests atop a fragmented "reality" of separate communities.
77- Many military professionals foresaw this problem.
78- Some developing countries - Israel, Korea, and Taiwan - also invest heavily in higher education and scientific research. Sadly, Argentina did not.
79- The threats and opportunities presented by new technologies for developing countries are widely discussed.
80- Add the open public debt of 67% of GDP to this total, and the result is an overall German debt/GDP ratio of about 340%.
81- Christian Democrats, and even conservative parties, adopted its tenets.
82- As output and consumption become more stable, investors do not demand as large a risk premium.
83- Two of these deserve to be mentioned.
84- Nor will one side's extremists defeat the other side's extremists.
85- Similarly, the unfinished reforms in China's banking sector and state-owned enterprises have been used as evidence of state subsidies for dumping activities.
86- As one of President Clinton's economic advisers during the critical period of America's economic recovery, I feel obligated to point out that circumstances in the US in the early 1990's were unique.
87- The first unknown is why the election is taking place at all.
88- This gives them a capital base similar to the combined assets of all the world's major hedge funds.
89- In fact, the flags of many nations fly alongside German.
90- One explanation often mentioned points to a lack of support, such as public childcare, for mothers raising children.
91- Unlike anti-European guerilla war and anti-colonial terrorism in Africa, anti-American and anti-Zionist terrorism in the Middle East has led nowhere.
92- But the Pope added: "[T]here are many human needs which find no place on the market."
93- The typical American employer is no longer General Motors.
94- Such inertia breeds hopelessness, and a nihilist yearning for violence.
95- The rationale is common to all forms of fundamentalism: this world exists to prepare believers for salvation. The state's role is not to ensure social justice and the rule of law, but to create opportunities - even through coercion - for believers to find salvation.
96- Like many other tyrants, he seems ready to do anything to extend his 22 years in power, including resorting to violence and rigging elections.
97- In the current global environment, the case for the strong euro is becoming increasingly apparent.
98- President Vladimir Putin will visit Ukraine, the scene of his biggest foreign policy blunder, this weekend.
99- There is a basic law in economics: the sum of the trade surpluses and deficits must add up to zero.
100- Promoting private insurance may seem an indirect response to the tsunami disaster, but it is a rational -- and powerful -- response.
101- The problems will only worsen.
102- Similarly, the journal Science reports that new studies show that ocean levels may rise much more rapidly and precipitously than anticipated.
103- The old proletariat and the old bourgeoisie are gone.
104- Yet, as Chinese Deputy Foreign Minister Zhou Wenzhong put it, "Business is business, and China separates business from politics."
105- Its raison d'être is to overcome national selfishness and to set a good example.
106- One reason is the set of ill-designed development strategies that the IMF and the World Bank have implemented in the region for nearly half a century.
107- Demand for low-cost Mexican labor by US employers and the 10-1 wage gap between the two countries pushes 350,000 Mexicans to risk their lives every year for better paid jobs north of the border.
108- If that silence continues, it will gravely undermine SADC institutions, and will cast a deep pall over the most important leader in SADC, South Africa's President Thabo Mbeki.
109- Naturally, they declare friendship with Fidel Castro and seek his embrace to prevent old comrades from accusing them of betraying their legacy.
110- Iran's 1979 revolution did away with the pro-American, undemocratic regime of the Shah, bringing in its place the anti-American, undemocratic regime of the clerics.
111- Then the European Commission took the idea and translated it into bilateral Stability and Association Agreements, so the original idea - regional reconciliation - got lost.
112- In the next business cycle, China's banks will be privately owned for the first time since 1949. They will make loans on the basis of commercial criteria rather than relations with big state-owned companies.
113- A few months after his appointment as premier, Mr. Zhu delivered his "three promises" speech, in which he pledged to make three bold moves to secure a more vibrant, self-sustaining economy.
114- For many years, commentators have expressed concerns about the culture of doping in elite sport.
115- European integration was supposed to take care of this by driving decades of rapid economic growth as companies realize continent-wide economies of scale.
116- But this betrays a profound lack of understanding of the consequences of Ukraine's accession to NATO.
117- But EID's are not rare at all.
118- More importantly, to the extent that deflation continues, it would also automatically create greater expectations of inflation - and thus greater stimulus.
119- (Burundi is an aid-dependent country, so donors have considerable sway in influencing its rulers' behavior.)
120- For example, when President George W. Bush announced in 2001 that the United States would not fund research into new stem-cell lines that are created from human embryos, he offered the following reason: "Like a snowflake, each of these embryos is unique, with the unique genetic potential of an individual human being."
121- But the analogy is imperfect.
122- After all, today's models work.
123- A broad and violent war in response to the heinous terrorist acts of September 11 would not protect US or global interests.
124- This was true of Mao's guerrilla war against the Japanese occupation, the Civil War against Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalists, the Korean War against the US, and even the Vietnam War, where China backed the North.
125- A stable Euro makes stronger cooperation possible and desirable: not only to prevent global financial instability but to avoid the risk of conflicting currency blocs arising.
126- For years, I have been arguing that national governments should take some simple steps to reframe economic quantities and help the public overcome the money illusion.
127- This week, America and Singapore ironed out the final stumbling blocks to a bilateral free trade agreement (FTA).
128- The Cultural Revolution swept up all of China.
129- France and Germany will now participate directly by helping to train Iraqi security forces.
130- But with the central bank committed to holding annual inflation to an average of 2.5%, Norway's interest rates are currently among the highest in Europe.
131- The war in Iraq was misconceived from start to finish - if it has a finish.
132- They wanted a new "home base" in the Middle East if Saudi Arabia soured.
133- Hezbollah will keep insisting publicly that it yearns for another confrontation, shout defiance, and claim victory.
134- To encourage domestic investment, and recognizing that it is difficult to tax assets held abroad, an "exit" tax could also be imposed on capital taken out of the country.
135- Research conducted in my laboratory on adults reporting histories of childhood sexual abuse provides a solution to this bitter controversy.
136- "This is where I want to live, but 5% of the way things are run has got to change. They blame everything on the embargo.
137- For across the Arab world the death of the great 20th century ideologies left behind a general disillusion.
138- Despite a considerable diversity of views at the outset of the two-year investigation, the Commission reached a strong consensus after examining extensive evidence from around the world.
139- Since 1980 the ratio of stock market capitalization to GDP soared more than 13-fold, while equity financing rose 16-fold.
140- They foresee a short war, the rapid collapse of the Baathist regime, and a new beginning for Iraq's people.
141- America needs to create a Department of Democracy Promotion headed by a Cabinet-level official.
142- How Independent Is The ECB?
143- Similarly, it might help to have accounting firms be selected by minority shareholders or paid by the stock exchange, rather than by a company itself.
144- So 2001 can be a crucial year in the never-ending story of the creation of a new and better Europe.
145- They have, I believe, lost their way and taken a path that can only lead back to the supremacy of arbitrary power.
146- We're not being tough enough.
147- Every large group of humans contains members who deviate from the norm.
148- But there is a positive alternative: a reformist path leading to the establishment of the rule of law, individual rights, a more robust civil society, and democratization across the Arab world.
149- Had the letter and spirit of these safeguards been followed, we would not have been in this war at all, or at least not alone.
150- Meanwhile, once recovery has set in, the huge borrowing demands of the US and Europe will almost certainly drive up real interest rates globally, posing new problems for the world's emerging markets.
151- The participants in those events included the "Plumbers," a personal secret police established by Nixon and so named because one of their tasks was to eliminate leaks of information that the White House did not want to disclose.
152- But by IMF logic, all you see in the accounts is increased expenditure and borrowing, not the value of the acquired asset.
153- But national governments remain reluctant to delegate authority: in November 2004, the European Council accepted qualified majority voting on measures concerning illegal migration, but left restrictions on legal migration subject to unanimity rules, as if legal and illegal migration were not merely two sides of the same coin.
154- Both countries were signatories of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT, the precursor to today's World Trade Organization) in 1948, but China under Mao subsequently left.
155- Battered by the Iraqi "oil for food" scandal, which, at the least, demonstrated mismanagement, and misdeeds by officials ranging from former Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers (now High Commissioner for Refugees), who faces allegations of sexual harassment, to rapes committed by UN peacekeeping troops in Congo, the UN has a chance to rehabilitate its reputation by managing the relief effort effectively.
156- Economic Reality Fights Back
157- Annan himself conceded as much in the speech he gave at the opening of the 60th UN General Assembly.
158- Now that the international peacekeeping force is to operate nationally, Marshall Fahim must be told to lift his stranglehold on Kabul.
159- His latest decision was to force France Telecom to pay back with interest a loan granted years ago by the French government, in violation of EU rules on state aid.
160- Cubans are known for managing humor in the worst situations.
161- Earlier this month, Mikhail Gorbachev celebrated his 75th birthday with a concert and conference at his foundation in Moscow.
162- So the stakes are high and patience is running out.
163- But, while government policies, according to this school, are ineffective, that matters little.
164- None of this is to suggest that the US and Europe should abide every move by every corrupt dictator.
165- In any case, sustainable medicine acknowledges that rationing is and always will be a part of any health care system.
166- We must give up the hope of liberty within an ordered society and market and resign ourselves to that interminable war of all against all of which Hobbes spoke.
167- The Europeans then agreed that Germany had not had its fair turn at the leadership of a major international organization, and so the choice was a simple one: a German acceptable to America would get the job.
168- After 1997, Hong Kong's government made doubly sure that legislators' already limited powers to initiate debates, legislation, and amendments to laws were further restricted.
169- The Return of Tuberculosis
170- In the "third culture" best seller The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature , Steven Pinker says that we may need to admit a natural scientific basis for what humanists have for centuries called "fate."
171- Now, it has returned to almost exactly its opening level.
172- Strong on rhetoric and fueled by a wave of anti-Americanism, that search is nonetheless thin on facts.
173- The regulatory institutions and behavioral norms that originated in the New Deal and developed during WWII came into full force: social security, a system of unionized labor relations, market regulation.
174- If, or rather when, the river is dammed, it will help power the cities and factories of coastal China.
175- In particular, they do not create a liberal order.
176- For example, people may see an inevitable tradeoff between tough environmental standards and jobs.
177- Similarly, the "fundamental objectives" of the Union (Article 3) indulge in promises to promote "sustainable" growth, social cohesion and social protection, gender equality, the environment, and consumer protection.
178- As a result of such findings, MBCT has now been included in the British government's national guidelines for treating recurrent major depression.
179- In short, regulation tends to distort incentives, stimulating what economists call rent-seeking behavior: the taxi driver and the license official collect unearned premiums (rents) solely because they can exploit their position as insiders, not because they are more productive.
180- As the center of a global network of production, trade, and finance, the United States surely has the greatest stakes of all in the success of globalization.
181- Terrorism has existed as a political tool in the Middle East for a long time -- and it has been used not only against Israel or the United States.
182- Albanian problems now demand homemade Albanian compromises.
183- What do these two issues have in common?
184- As for biodiversity, the most important species threatened with extinction today is the human race.
185- America and Europe share an interest in the success of these efforts, particularly as they seek to diversify energy supplies away from Saudi Arabian and Persian Gulf oil.
186- These differences matter.
187- But their future is unknown, as is the fate of future disaster victims.
188- Moreover, as confrontation with the US intensifies, Washington will probably act to forestall any trend toward the unification of EU foreign and defense policy.
189- And they will leave the new Iraqi government at the mercy of forces that would eventually pull the country apart.
190- Unlike America, when the country faced an electricity crisis, it didn't blithely sit by, saying let market forces (which in the US, meant market manipulation by Enron and others) "handle" the matter; rather, the government came in with strong actions.
191- The EU's Next Frontier
192- Presenting Iran with these alternatives presupposes that the West does not fear rising oil and gas prices.
193- But there are strong vested interests in upholding the status quo.
194- Imagine that they were known, and that the individual victims of policy decisions would somehow stare into the faces of decision makers just as if they were being held at gunpoint.
195- But is it really so different in Europe?
196- The ruling elite rejects transforming Russia into a junior partner of the US or an unimportant member of the West.
197- The Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation and Egypt's Dream have also won large segments of the general Arab public with entertainment programs.
198- Deposits in the branches of American banks in Buenos Aires were to be as safe as deposits in Miami.
199- Underlying this notion is the paramount position of individual conscience, which carries with it the right of every person to make his or her own decisions on religious matters, without that choice resulting in negative legal consequences.
200- But classical empires learned not to do it to colonized people.
201- In the end, the US forced the Japanese to revalue their currency by destroying the international monetary order in August 1971.
202- As the dominant power in the world, America has a unique responsibility to provide leadership in international cooperation.
203- For the religious right and the mullahs, he is an agent of America, the great Satan, and has thus betrayed the cause of Islam.
204- Brazil's economic turnaround may have powerfully positive effects on its neighbors, especially the struggling countries of the Andean region.
205- It is perceived as a motor of economic growth, but also as a threat to our security and beliefs.
206- We will not change our course.
207- Finally, while Europe's left may be boastfully proclaiming in Katrina's wake, "Thank God for our social solidarity," there is considerable doubt even about what "our" actually means.
208- When ACS decided to expand recently, it opened a new operation in India rather than in Ghana or another African country.
209- In the 1950's, most of Europe considered the idea of a Union with a single Parliament a pipe dream.
210- The flaw in this reasoning is that Blair surrendered control of the single currency decision to the Treasury early in his first term, and he has never had the courage or political strength to take it back.
211- 6.0
212- Even so, Guttierrez's election will have a significant impact on hemispheric geopolitics, particularly on the question of the FTAA.
213- As Pedro Aspe, a much-admired former finance minister, emphasized to me, NAFTA did give a sudden boost to Mexico's economy at the outset. Labor productivity soared, as Mexicans were forced to adapt to the rules of the US economy in order to compete.
214- As a result, something new will color the habits of those who govern Ukraine from now on: respect for individuals, which is the ultimate check on the abuse of power.
215- On the right, Chirac's antagonism toward Sarkozy makes it that another candidate will appear at some point, either Michele Alliot-Marie, the defense minister, or Chirac himself.
216- -3.2
217- The extreme poverty of the bottom billion people is shocking, morally intolerable, and dangerous - a breeding ground of disease, terrorism, and violence.
218- That is why, at Prague, we will invite additional countries to join.
219- Today, such countries should join together to offer Iran (and others) a deal.
220- A century later, millions of people are taking Nietzsche's advice to heart.
221- Kuchma has not suddenly converted to the view that parliamentary democracies are better than presidential ones.
222- Ralf Dahrendorf thinks that both sides of the Atlantic need to look beyond the trivial and rediscover the common interests and values of the West.
223- For example, using World Bank data on the depreciation of a number of natural resources at the national level, economists estimate that, although GNP per capita has increased in the Indian sub-continent over the past three decades, wealth per capita has declined somewhat.
224- The Nordic countries are high-tech leaders; Spain has slashed its unemployment rate by half (it stood at 25% not so long ago); and the new members from Central and Eastern Europe are cruising briskly along a steady catch-up path.
225- -4.2
226- Luckily, China's government knows that America's advice to let the renminbi float right now is dangerous--both to China and for the world economy.
227- As "money talks" in politics, private incentives distort public policy and prevent it from correcting market failures in ways that, in turn, further distort private incentives.
228- After all this dirt, why aren't more investors voting with their feet?
229- This is why Europe's mayors call upon European institutions to focus on social cohesion with the same commitment that has been invested until now in asylum and border controls.
230- The income gaps range from more than seven to one in the latter case to 4.5 to one in the case of Spain and Morocco, 4.3 to one between the US and Mexico, and four to one between Greece and Albania.
231- Recreating a state-led economy based on natural gas will promote rent-seeking and a lethargic form of corporatism.
232- Federal health-care spending will grow very rapidly over the next two generations because the things that health care money will be spent on will be increasingly wonderful, and increasingly valued.
233- To claim otherwise plays into the hands of Hezbollah, Syria, and Iran, which want to define their victory as Hezbollah's survival.
234- The resulting destruction brought reconciliation between warring Palestinian factions and support for them throughout the Arab world.
235- Seeking to pre-empt American action, Egypt backed a counter-proposal, the Alexandria Declaration, at an Arab League summit last May, and followed this with President Hosni Mubarak's recent announcement that he will allow opposition candidates to challenge him for the presidency.
236- In some ways, much less is at stake in building a new democratic community out of the already free and prosperous European countries.
237- In moving to topple Saddam Hussein's regime, the Bush administration stakes its case on two critical arguments.
238- One reason is that in post�Mao China, as in the Soviet Union after Stalin's death, physical liquidation of political enemies was ended by reformist leaders dedicated to curtailing past "excesses."
239- Strong US leadership is required to push the WTO in this direction while avoiding an EU-style future (regulatory overload) or a UN-style future (an irrelevant talking shop).
240- These differences will hardly break the basic trans-Atlantic alliance built on the foundation of common values and interests. But they will necessarily heighten elements of competition, including competition for Russia.
241- This is one reason why China has a Taiwan "problem."
242- Is Putin Self-Destructing?
243- The second tendency is to believe that culture is somehow static and unchanging.
244- In the 1980's and 1990's, many European labor unions, in response to rising unemployment, adopted the policy of "work less, work all."
245- The latest edition of the Pew Global Attitudes Survey shows that favorable opinions of the United States have fallen again in 12 out of 15 countries polled, a sad reflection of a country's loss of image.
246- Once Khodorkovsky and his ilk sell their stakes to foreign interests and take their money out of Russia, there will be little that can be done.
247- If the US were then to give just a fraction of the financial saving to Iraq in 2004, there would be plenty of incremental revenues to run the Iraqi Government and to support the recovery of oil production.
248- Pushed by business, the US negotiated sectoral agreements in telecoms, information technology, and financial services.
249- Survivors sound the alarm because they know what is at stake.
250- But stalling only assures that debts will grow, economic normalization is postponed and the final explosion at the end of ACT III even bigger.
251- The list tells us two things.
252- In most cases, the forbidden CFC's have been labeled as permitted HFC's (hydrogenfluorocarbons), but labels like "spray paint" and "lubricants" also have been used.
253- In case of panic, a good policy should help banks that have enough assets to cover their deposits but that can't pay all depositors at the same time because some assets are tied up in real estate or other long-term investments.
254- One concerned Salman Rushdie's novel The Satanic Verses ; the others were triggered by police insensitivity and white racist marches.
255- For this reason alone, the IAEA's board must refer Iran to the Security Council for further actions, as required by the agency's charter.
256- But financial systems do not emerge as a result of their superiority in a particular environment.
257- But, for some of the world's poorest regions, particularly Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA), a commitment to help may not be enough.
258- Stalingrad became Volgograd.
259- But when he came to power, in 1997, he was not able or willing to face down Britain's traditional anti-Europeanism; in particular, he was not prepared to commit his government to eventual Euro membership.
260- Charles de Gaulle prevailed politically after ending French colonial rule in Algeria.
261- Now, it will have to deal with a Palestinian society that is armed to the teeth, with poverty rates reaching 70% and unemployment at 35% .
262- Today's challenges call for such a dynamic use of educational policy.
263- There is a framework for enhancing aggregate purchasing power, through the creation of SDR's.
264- CDU/CSU policies are, of course, founded on the idea of individual freedom, but we believe in an individualism tempered by Western culture and the Christian tradition.
265- For most of our recent history, we saw in Marxism only a philosophy of class struggle.
266- People who could not afford to send their children to a good school or college now can.
267- This suggests that there are other, deeper factors that underlie the differences in Chinese and US saving rates -- factors that reflect different life experiences and how these experiences are filtered through the two countries' cultures.
268- Moreover, a rare syndrome called "psychogenic amnesia" is sometimes confused with traumatic amnesia.
269- Evidence exists for this thesis.
270- But fear is a bad counselor.
271- Worst of all, the election loser, López Obrador, seems willing to throw the country into turmoil rather than accept the constitutional legitimacy of his defeat.
272- "Ethnic cleansing" meant in most cases persecution and killing.
273- On the contrary, everyone knows that Lionel Jospin's government pursued a slow, covert process of privatization and liberalization, because such a process is unavoidable in today's global economy.
274- The problem is that if governments start to amend the draft constitution, the whole thing is liable to unravel.
275- While these conflicts involve historical grievances, outside actors - particularly Russia - contribute to their lack of resolution, which is essential for successful reform.
276- This small piece of Russia, with 1 million inhabitants and bordering on the Baltic Sea, is squeezed between Poland and Lithuania, two future members of the EU.
277- If the Middle East is already at a breaking point, imagine what could happen if competition for Middle East oil intensifies among America, Europe, China, India, Japan, and others.
278- These standards will provide cover for unfair trade practices.
279- But this option is all but foreclosed, because union membership or organizing can lead to dismissal, blacklisting, violence, or worse.
280- In order for HIV/AIDS programs to be effective and sustainable, affected communities must have the freedom to organize and empower themselves.
281- Well before the riots that marked the World Trade Organization talks in Seattle in 1999, I called for a true "development round" of trade talks to redress the inequities of previous rounds.
282- The near monopoly of power once enjoyed by sovereign entities is being eroded.
283- 1.2
284- "She feeds animals and sits in the yard to create the rustic ambiance."
285- Some speculate that the arrest is really part of a power struggle, with President Hu Jingtao demonstrating his authority against a local power broker who had thwarted national policy.
286- Similarly, it generates a mentality that allows Europe to ignore the nearly 500,000 victims of Saddam's torture and murder machinery and, motivated by the self-righteousness of the peace movement, to harangue George W. Bush as a warmonger.
287- The recent election in Italy of a center-left government led by Romano Prodi is a case in point.
288- In reality, Europe's system typically produces less research, worse students (especially at the doctoral level), and is probably less egalitarian than the US system.
289- Given the complexion of the US Democratic Party's key constituencies, this is not surprising.
290- Villanueva was a fugitive from justice and Almeyda knew that he should turn him over to the police.
291- The important question now is whether today's high asset prices are the result of some such fundamental development, or whether bubbles have formed.
292- So we must ask the hard question: what should we do first?
293- Kurdish politicians within the new parliament have good reason to protect these lucrative deals as debate begins over constitutional changes.
294- But his long rule in his country -- which ends November 1 -- amounts to much more than intemperate remarks, as Wang Gungwu, one of Southeast Asia's leading strategic analysts, suggests.
295- Indeed, Iraq is reportedly pumping 1-2 million barrels of oil a day rather than the 2-3 million barrels that the country could quickly achieve in peaceful circumstances.
296- China has also been cooperating constructively with the US and its allies in dealing with North Korea's nuclear capabilities.
297- Twenty years of the most advanced thinking for mathematical algorithms came from a Soviet empire starved of computing power.
298- There are 150 local Muslim councillors and eight mayors, slightly fewer than other ethnic minorities, but not alarmingly so.
299- Across Japan, there is a growing view that some of these policies cannot wait for constitutional amendment.
300- Likewise, privatization is out of the picture for now.
301- Israel's government, meanwhile, has gone out of its way to attack Palestinian hard-line groups, causing more death, damage, and bitter feelings.
302- The Iranian regime then consolidated its mastery of the Shiite network in the Middle East, and now uses this control to further its own interests.
303- Gore's deeply earnest film plots the relentless, and potentially disastrous, warming of the earth during the industrial era.
304- What has emerged is an almost unanimous demand that the Tung government publish a detailed draft of the laws for one more round of consultation.
305- Three Iraqs, Not One
306- It is in nobody's interest to precipitate a financial crisis in China.
307- The problem is especially severe in landlocked countries like Mali, Niger, Rwanda, and Malawi, where high transport costs leave villages isolated from markets, and in regions that depend on rainfall rather than river-based irrigation.
308- It is extremely important that Iraq held elections to a constitutional assembly.
309- Companies like Toshiba and Sony depended on two regions - Otaku in Tokyo, and Higashi Osaka in Osaka Prefecture -where thousands of manufacturers of precision mechanical and electronic components were clustered.
310- Vast tracts of prime real estate in cities, sold to officers for a pittance, have turned into mega housing developments.
311- Indeed, the heads of opposition or investigative journalists can literally be cut off, as happened in the case Georgi Gongadze, whose fate was prefigured in taped recordings on which President Kuchma is heard calling for Gongadze's elimination.
312- Can such initiatives succeed?
313- A key concern is the precedent of withdrawal from southern Lebanon in 2000.
314- One has to be careful in drawing lessons for today.
315- The loss of parents and family resources has boosted child labor, homelessness, and inclinations towards violence and rebellion.
316- The problem is how to respond.
317- In a word, it appears that the Reagan-Thatcher period is over.
318- Competition policy is the European Union's biggest success. The reason is simple: decisions in this area have been removed from the jurisdiction of individual nations, thus making them more difficult to influence.
319- Indeed, the problem today is not excessive capital inflows; international markets have largely turned against emerging markets.
320- After all, as the London and Madrid bombings demonstrated, a cell phone is all that is needed to time an explosion -- or a series of explosions -- with deadly efficiency.
321- Nevertheless, we should remember the lessons of history.
322- Sixteen political leaders and former diplomats combined principle with political realism to produce the most comprehensive proposals for change since the UN was created in 1945.
323- Police actions must be merciless, even if this means more controls and surveillance.
324- Fruit fly genes are surprisingly similar to ours--as they are to those of most other creatures. Even many aspects of their behavior resemble our own.
325- Speedy change means that the constellation of political interests mutates faster than anyone can sense.
326- Those sites that do offer such testing find it much more difficult to diagnose TB among patients infected with both diseases, because current diagnostic tests fail to detect active TB in 60-80 % of people with HIV/AIDS.
327- For rare animals with specific reproduction sites, like marine turtles, the tsunami's effects could spell extinction.
328- This is a truly bourgeois revolution.
329- The Cuban Conference of Bishops followed by demanding clemency for the prisoners.
330- But laws enacted for this reason could lose their signaling power when a financial crisis hits.
331- Without political reforms, China's confidence in herself will quickly turn into disillusion, or even delusion.
332- They projected that developing countries would enter the Kyoto framework at some point, and would trade their rights to emit CO2 and other greenhouse gases to the United States and Europe in return for development aid.
333- Daniel Bell and Raymond Aron wrote about the end of fascist and communist ideology in the hope that we would enter an age of pragmatism in which politics would be a subject of argument and debate, not belief and total worldviews.
334- This is why almost every advanced country has mandatory social security and health insurance programs.
335- The conference should follow up on a resolution by the European Parliament to consider whether Afghanistan should become one of the countries licensed to produce opium for medical purposes.
336- Argentina was always at the point of taking off, always at the door of greatness.
337- Enlargement of monetary union will increase the relative number of national central bank chiefs on the Governing Council. Each entrant will add one member, while the number of officials from the ECB's headquarters in Frankfurt will remain fixed at six.
338- Should China's ruling party still call itself Communist?
339- Poor people with little education choose high fertility rates and thus low quality children.
340- It must transform itself into something like the Social Christian or Christian Democratic parties that exist in Costa Rica, Chile, Venezuela, and Peru.
341- Targets depicting serial killers and drug dealers have mottos like "Save a woman" or "Save a boy" on them.
342- As a result, the "generational contract" looks less and less viable, because we can no longer rely on today's workers to pay for today's pensioners.
343- Moreover, the country's continuing high levels of fixed-asset investment make sense -- building roads, water pipes, metro systems, telecommunication networks, and electronics factories is what a vast and rapidly modernizing country must do.
344- The lesson for new member countries from the East is clear: once you are in the Union, the outside pressure to reform decreases: the impetus to reform must be found at home.
345- Mr. Olechowski, despite his success was, after the elections, totally neglected by the Union of Freedom (with which he was supposed to be very close) and by the Solidarity right.
346- Some of the US counties with a high proportion of vacation homes are seeing price increases that rival, if not outstrip, the booming metropolitan areas.
347- The result might be a longer stay within the new ERM, but without the crises that the original eurozone members suffered.
348- This is a tragic mistake, one that results from a misunderstanding of the challenges facing Africa and of America's responsibilities.
349- It is not only America's enduring willingness to use her unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest; nor the other familiar phenomenon that American administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism.
350- America wants the world to pledge billions of dollars to Iraq's reconstruction at a donor's meeting to be held in October in Madrid.
351- Who jailed their organizers?
352- However flawed the electoral process in Iran undoubtedly was, no one, including its tired and discouraged reform-minded opposition, doubts that 18 million people have voted, in the words of the new president, against democracy and for a return to the Islamic revolution.
353- The successes in Afghanistan call for an equally nuanced and sophisticated approach in regard to Iraq.
354- The 20th century was a tragedy for Europe.
355- This effort, known as the UN Millennium Project, will issue its report to Secretary-General Annan on January 17, 2005.
356- As The Economist commented about Rumsfeld's speech, "until recently he plainly regarded such a focus on ‘soft power' as, well, soft -- part of ‘Old Europe's' appeasement of terrorism."
357- But they surely will start to pay off in the next ten.
358- Ukraine is wracked by the biggest protests seen since communism's collapse over a decade ago.
359- European countries may stipulate other terms.
360- For a half-century, reformers explain, Arab nationalist regimes have been a disaster, creating societies and economies that rank low by every statistical measure of development, while leading their countries into countless costly but fruitless wars and crises.
361- Russian reform will be impeded, not nurtured, by turning a blind eye to political and economic aggression.
362- Criticizing Japan's silence need not undermine the Japanese-US strategic alliance.
363- For this we need good strategic assessments of intelligence.
364- But a "No" will not mean the French electorate has turned its back on Europe.
365- To be sure, more incidents of global terrorism associated with Pakistan, such as July's London bombings, will bring new pressures.
366- For better or for worse, the government now has ample opportunity to enact its desired reforms, possibly including constitutional changes.
367- This mental turnaround is, indeed, essential if things are to improve, because the situation in Iraq represents, above all, a defeat of America's unilateralist orientation.
368- The members of the Beghal network in France were roughly one-third converts.
369- Kashmir has divided the two countries since the partition of British India, when a Hindu monarch, Maharaja Hari Singh, ruling over a predominantly Muslim population, acceded to India.
370- His challenge will be to resist the temptation to seek short-term popularity, recognizing instead that China's stock market must endure short-term pain to win long-term gains.
371- -3.1
372- It is favoring one worldview, secularism, over another worldview, religiosity, masquerading as neutrality.
373- The horrible truth is that failure to eradicate the root causes of terrorism is almost certain to extend the Age of Terrorism, it is not clear that they really can be eradicated.
374- A number of worrying factors about the US economy have been around for a long time:
375- To this end, the US has a vital stake in the EU's coming of age as an international actor.
376- If there were no crimes, then the Nazis were not criminals.
377- Piecemeal deregulation is doomed to fail.
378- This is relevant for the current debate about reforms in many democratic countries.
379- For this group, the only logical policy is to "ride out the storm" by ending policies which increase anger and frustration, and improving intelligence and defenses.
380- Most European leaders understand the tiny wiggle room that Kerry will have if elected.
381- Will a President Kerry really be able to rally allies to America's side?
382- The real-estate boom appears to be cooling.
383- Similarly, many company bosses know that pretending that climate problems do not exist is bad for shareholders, because reality will one day strike.
384- Last year, Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah, worried by Shi'a expansionism, was persuaded by Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the head of his National Security Council, to coordinate policy with Israel to counter Iran's growing influence.
385- The UN can be a much more effective instrument if its member states in the General Assembly and the Security Council are better organized and give clearer directives to us in the Secretariat -- along with the flexibility to carry them out -- and then hold us clearly accountable.
386- Integration of immigrants makes much sense; but it is desirable to help create sustainable conditions in troubled countries with the help of a generation of emigrants who first transfer resources and then return themselves.
387- As a result of the Lamfalussy report, not only was the legislative process improved, but an important institutional status was conferred upon the Committee of European Securities Regulators.
388- -2.6
389- Iran's quarreling and competing leaders have decided, by their acts, to reject the offer by Europe and the United States of a nuclear reactor, aircraft spare parts, economic cooperation, and more in exchange for giving up uranium enrichment.
390- This was partly because the EU was not as generous toward its newest members as it had been toward new members in the past.
391- Faced with a balance-of-payments surplus -- largely thanks to high oil prices -- the RCB's 2005 Monetary Program fudges: reducing inflation is a priority, but so is exchange-rate targeting in order to support growth.
392- Guilt represents a debt. The proper response to such a debt is to suffer punishment or to pay reparations to the victims.
393- Between 1990 and 2000, financing for environmental concerns followed roughly the same path as overall development assistance flows: it stagnated.
394- This year it has taken no action to support the falling dollar.
395- Like previous host countries, the Philippines is a weak state, at peace with its neighbors and the West.
396- Even in the self-confident Ottoman Empire, where Jews and Christians enjoyed considerable tolerance, followers of these religions were second-class citizens.
397- Mao famously said: "No need to apologize.
398- Expect more of the same in 2004, when the current account deficit should reach 5.1% of GDP, despite forecasts that the US economy will grow significantly faster than most of its trading partners.
399- What is distinctive about the recent mass protests against US plans for a war against Iraq is that the February 15 event was planned ahead of time, at short notice, for a specific date, and with an explicit goal of worldwide scale.
400- Inequality in the distribution of talent across countries would rise, even if total world output of goods and services, and their average quality, improved, as with football today.
401- Forty-four Huji members were arrested, two of whom claimed to have been sent from South Africa and Pakistan by Osama Bin Laden to distribute money to the extremist madrassas.
402- More recently, elections in the post-communist countries of Europe have brought groups to power whose democratic credentials are dubious, to say the least.
403- But they are necessary. Pol Pot died in 1998, but aging senior associates like "Brother Number Two" Nuon Chea and ex-Khmer Rouge president Khieu Samphan live freely in Cambodia.
404- "This affair was not as complicated as people made it out to be later," he said.
405- What goes for wages also goes for other distribution costs.
406- Greece and Turkey have signed eighteen mutually beneficial agreements in areas ranging from trade and energy, to environmental protection and the fight against organized crime.
407- They are likely to place much greater emphasis on consumer lending, especially mortgages and credit cards.
408- Capitalism with Chinese Characteristics
409- Any open rupture will weaken the hands of the reformers who want to have close ties with the West and the US.
410- If the attacks widen beyond the three southernmost provinces of Yala, Pattani, and Narathiwat, Thaksin's regional leadership chances will be dimmed.
411- They feel the threat acutely and act accordingly, often dominating their country's political process.
412- Russia began 2006 by cutting off natural gas exports to Ukraine after its government refused to pay a fourfold increase in the subsidized price.
413- The Bush administration's flip-flops and missteps are legion.
414- But the flip side of the trade surplus is the capital outflow.
415- Wherever one looks, using Marshall's toolkit, one sees economic equilibrium pulling things back to normal, compensating for and attenuating the effects of shocks and disturbances.
416- Although much depends on greater regional investment in increasing export capacity, further Chinese investment in the region would most likely follow.
417- The clear losers are young workers, and the future generations who will face the high tax burdens necessary to pay retirees their promised benefits.
418- This is a proposal whose time has come because the world economy is hovering on the brink of deflation.
419- For both, early death elevated their stature in the alchemy of history.
420- Does it matter whether this claim was strictly true or not?
421- Unfortunately, the answer to all these questions is yes.
422- Second, the subject for negotiations is unclear, because Putin has ruled out Chechen independence, and surrender by the separatists is just as unlikely.
423- Both passenger and conductor profit.
424- In fact, estimates of potential migration flows from East to West are relatively small.
425- Only when elected representatives deal with the day-to-day issues that face their people can they begin to tackle external negotiations.
426- Public diplomacy, by contrast, involves building long-term relationships.
427- Fossil remains and genetic data suggest that modern humans come from Africa, and in the last decade anthropologists, archaeologists, linguists, and other scientists have tended to identify our species' biological origin with the origin of modern intelligence.
428- Cubans don't think it is.
429- The chemical inhibitors used in this treatment target the enzyme polymerase (PARP1), which is normally involved in the repair of DNA single-strand breaks -- a common form of spontaneous DNA lesions.
430- The most contentious issue, however, has been prime ministerial visits to the Yasukuni Shrine, and, until Abe's visit, China had been reluctant to engage in any summit meetings with Japan so long as such visits continue.
431- Encouraged by this change the BNP's junior coalition partner, Jamaat-e-Islami, which has links with the militias and remains close to Pakistan, has been calling for imposition of Sharia (Islamic law).
432- As harsh Israeli actions fail to deter Palestinians, Israel seems to raise the stakes, hoping that even harsher, more inhuman acts might bring the Palestinians to heel.
433- Unlike in the heyday of liberalism, money from the world's rich countries simply is not going to give peripheral economies the priceless gift of rapid, successful development.
434- To survive, many North Koreans forage for edible roots and leaves and make soups from cabbage stalks and vegetable waste.
435- Their future is further clouded by the fact that the United States and the European Union will phase out their apparel quotas next year, potentially reducing quota-hopping investment in South Africa and the broader region.
436- Consider the following three scenarios.
437- But in other cases, opposition to America's preferences is wrought by public sentiment and goes against the instincts of leaders who know better.
438- Obasanjo's election marked the return of civilian rule.
439- It seems repression does not work; either that or I'm very stubborn."
440- One particular worry is that euro-zone money supply is well above the ECB's benchmark level, indicating an excess supply of liquidity.
441- But her adoption of a boy from Malawi whose mother had died and whose farmer father could not feed him has filled opinion pages in serious papers everywhere.
442- Whatever the potential for a leftward shift this year in some Latin American countries, others, including Mexico, Chile, and Brazil, are clearly less vulnerable to the type of populist rule we've seen in Venezuela and Bolivia.
443- The second option, universal access, would require an unprecedented level of social assistance for the poor, and extraordinarily difficult decisions about what to subsidize.
444- On the contrary, public opinion polls show that citizens remain highly patriotic and optimistic about their personal lives.
445- Rubin's recognition that the world is a complicated, poorly-understood place, where lots of unexpected and surprising things happen--and where we cannot merely consult some map drawn by John Maynard Keynes or Milton Friedman or some neo-conservative pundit--seems to have been the most powerful of his secret weapons.
446- First, success and failure in achieving sustained economic growth appear to be concentrated in time and space.
447- The improved image of Russia's legal system is in tatters.
448- Austria
449- Piling more debt onto Iraq's already huge obligations will only make matters worse.
450- murdering about 100,000 Kurds during the "Anfal" campaign between February and September 1988, mainly by transporting the victims to a desert area where they were forced into trenches, machine-gunned, and then covered with sand by bulldozers;
451- Iran claims that as a party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, it has the right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes.
452- Now China's communist rulers find themselves trapped in a bind. If they back Tung unconditionally for the rest of his term, they can look forward to the collapse of their long-term strategy to re-absorb Taiwan, for the alternative to peaceful reunification with Taiwan is coercion.
453- The acceleration of US economic growth in the late 1990's posed a puzzle for those of us who looked across the Atlantic at Western Europe: where was Europe's "new economy"?
454- Outside interference should always be avoided in situations such as this.
455- Until a year ago, when I left a professorship at Harvard University to become the Fund's chief economist, I was a vocal, if perhaps not vitriolic, critic of the IMF's management of the international monetary system.
456- But we do not fear trees. We do not fear their retaliation.
457- Nor are there any signs of America's economic hegemony starting to fold under the weight of maintaining its unilateral military dominance.
458- This, however, masks huge differences.
459- The threat is more apparent than real -- for now.
460- Most importantly, they inherited from the Soviet era bloated and inefficient public sectors, which they are finding hard to downsize and professionalize.
461- Poor countries, especially the democracies of the developing world--Brazil, South Africa, India, Mexico, Ghana, the Philippines--should say, "We need to act on the issues that concern us, not just on the issues that concern the US."
462- Early retirement policies everywhere stand in clear need of reform.
463- The most extreme current case is Serbia, where a big part of the electorate gave their votes to men standing trial for war crimes in The Hague.
464- Inflation futures appear to be gaining hold in part because the new contract is traded on an efficient electronic market (the Globex system) that allows futures contracts to get going without the initial splash that is required by open-outcry pit-based futures markets.
465- Here the case of Bogotá is telling, for amid all the national bleakness, the capital has witnessed real progress.
466- Indeed, Jean Halloran of the anti-biotech group Consumers International characterized Codex standards as a legal defense against WTO challenges to countries that arbitrarily interfere with trade in biotech foods.
467- Soon after, our office workers were detained, and Hailu Shawel, Chairman of the CUD, and senior CUD official Lidetu Ayalew were put under house arrest.
468- Many of history's leading scientists and mathematicians have analyzed the phenomenon: da Vinci, Kepler, Descartes, to name but a few.
469- During the 2004 Asia Nations Cup final, which pitted China against Japan, Chinese supporters wore 1930's-style Japanese military uniforms to express their hostility to the Japanese team. Other Chinese fans brandished placards with the number "300,000" written on it, a reference to the number of Chinese murdered by the Japanese army in 1937.
470- Many of these innovations, I believe, can be reproduced in other large cities as well.
471- As we cross even more profound cultural boundaries, comparisons become still less relevant.
472- Official definitions of terrorism are unpersuasive.
473- The budget deficit is again out of control, and well over the 3%-of-GDP Maastricht ceiling.
474- Eighteen people were killed, among them five children.
475- It recently refused to purchase the full number of Airbus troop transport planes that it had promised to buy.
476- This approach would automatically take account of different growth rates and give countries a powerful incentive to run surpluses in good times in order to increase the scope for maneuver in bad times.
477- They are intrinsically time-bound attempts to come to terms with issues, and they should be allowed to run their course if they are based on deliberations by elected majorities of representatives.
478- But more than magnanimous sentiments are needed if peace is to come to Kashmir.
479- When a country reaches the point that it needs all its exports to service its national debt, and the size of the export sector is fixed, nothing is left to pay for imports.
480- The problem for the regime is that the springs that nourish fanaticism will not be dammed by such exemplary punishment.
481- In this context, there is widespread rejection of the fundamentalists' use of the term. 
482- Churning this turmoil into frenzy is the illegal drug trade.
483- Many European politicians who have sought to see the situation on the ground have been barred in recent years.
484- The Arab world faces serious problems that can only be met by more flexible, democratic political systems.
485- More debtors would be able to repay their loans, which might lead the banks to lend more.
486- Perhaps this steepening of the location gradient could be delayed for a decade if we were willing to shift to denser residential patterns.
487- A revised version of the directive that reduces its sectoral scope and makes a number of compromises with the country-of-origin principle is now before the European Parliament.
488- At the beginning of December, party members and supporters voted overwhelmingly in favor of the treaty.
489- One key reason must be the historical experience of the Sinhalese.
490- Some of the worst performers among the major countries are Israel (a beleaguered country, with real per capita GDP up only 2% between 2000 and 2004) and Argentina (hit by a terrible financial crisis in 2001-2, up only 9% between 2000 and 2004).
491- The small community of Iraqi experts was put under a harsh security regime.
492- Spain
493- Lahoud's absence is not surprising, as the discussions deal with the fate of his illegal presidency and how to break the deadlock that his continuance in office has imposed on the country.
494- Moreover, the Bush administration combined its policies with an extraordinary reluctance to veto anything coming out of Congress, and, after the year or two that it took for this to become obvious, an inability to restrain Congress at all.
495- They're the ones who are subhuman.
496- Indeed, when Russians are asked to list the most important people of the twentieth century, Stalin is still tied for first place -- with Lenin.
497- I would love to pin the blame for all this on Bush and his team. But that would ignore that Bush was playing to a receptive audience.
498- The justification of self-defense comes readily to the lips of both paranoids and those who reasonably wish to defend themselves against imminent attack.
499- Crowds may not.
500- Other options, however, do exist and a combination of them could help bring down Saddam without necessarily engaging in outright military action.
501- There is now justifiable outrage, and a call for sanctions is heard everywhere.
502- This has numerous implications for relations with employees.
503- Commerce Secretary Don Evans is also an oil-company CEO.
504- Germany has been determined, together with France and Britain, to get Iran to stop uranium enrichment through incentives and negotiation.
505- Other leaders have proved the same point.
506- A French Presidential Primer
507- For example, in all of the debates on the EU's constitutional treaty, neither its supporters nor its opponents have so much as mentioned the Lisbon Strategy.
508- The most delicate issues are those raised by the Investment Services Directive, on which only a majority of member states have reached a common position.
509- Working life needs to be lengthened, public pensions are often too generous, labor markets too rigid.
510- There is no better place to begin than with countries refusing to join the UNEP Convention or kowtow to its ban on DDT use.
511- Myanmar has already paid an extremely high price for its isolation.
512- Sequence data, whether from proteins or nucleic acids, are well suited to computer processing because they are easily digitized and broken down into their constituent units.
513- Projecting stability and security in these countries is the next logical step in building a Europe "whole and free" and securing the Euro-Atlantic community's eastern frontier with the Middle East.
514- Formerly, the state decided everything, and many people, particularly in the middle and older generation, began to see freedom as a burden, because it entailed continuous decision-making.
515- But acknowledging the East Europeans' dilemma is in no way to forgive Chirac's arrogant blow against the unity of the Continent as a whole.
516- This would truly be the end of ideology at last, were it not for the new challenges arising from the temptations of various kinds of fundamentalism.
517- America Wakes Up to Climate Change
518- Indeed, the role of the state is made more complicated by the fact that market regulation is becoming less national and more transnational.
519- One is "institutional conditionality:" only governments that show serious progress in reducing inefficiency, robbery of public property and corruption, should receive aid.
520- The international financial system is broken down in the sense that it fails to provide adequate capital to countries that need it most and qualify for it.
521- Only through this process will Serbia be able to rejoin the ranks of free and healthy European nations.
522- But the poisoned atmosphere that followed the UN debates on Iraq may prevent the US from getting its way here.
523- Many in the Bush Administration argue that aggressive policies toward Iraq can ultimately bring down autocratic governments in the Middle East the same way that the Reagan Administration supposedly brought down the "evil" Soviet empire.
524- Imagine that the Olympic Committee represented only the interests of gold medal winners, or that the Education Ministry represented only post-doctoral programs but ignored elementary schools.
525- Of course, the legitimacy of the government or other policymaking body will determine what is possible in economic policymaking.
526- The overlap between the end of the accession process and heated discussions about the new European Constitution played into the hands of the opposition.
527- Yet, although some of the Kremlin's moves seem clear and reasonable, others can scarcely be described as rational or forward-looking.
528- In the future, especially without Sistani, who is 74 years old, the new regime could turn into a dictatorship.
529- Putin is swiftly eroding the great authority he built up during his first term.
530- Instead, a populist-nationalist revolution might resemble the attempt to overthrow Mikhail Gorbachev in August 1991, or a Russian version of Ukraine's Orange Revolution.
531- This is not to say that wage insurance is a bad idea, or that it should not be implemented on a wider scale.
532- This should be matched by the creation of "supply capacities" in developing countries, which requires production and trade sector policies that encourage structural transformation.
533- Even the venerable Congress party - which led India's struggle for independence - manipulates religious, communal and caste rivalries so as to boost its chances of forming government.
534- Second, with rare exceptions, there is no international police force that can assist a defending nation.
535- But most importantly, European integration must not only define institutions and policies, but it must also galvanise ideas.
536- Of course, there is a big hole in the Dow 36,000 logic.
537- The problem is that, although Africa's economic appeal is increasing, India and China are improving more quickly, widening the gap.
538- Mahmoud Abbas, Arafat's longtime deputy and the architect of the Oslo accords, quickly secured the backing of Fatah, the PLO's core body.
539- "It should not be left to gays alone to fight for gay rights, because we are talking about fundamental violations of justice," Attafuah said.
540- Of course, it is important that Russia becomes less dependent on energy exports.
541- The same is true of all games played at the final tournament, not only those among the top eight national teams.
542- The monarchy was overthrown in 1952 without violence, and for 250 years Egypt has shown itself capable of producing both radical and reformist political trends.
543- But even as evidence for such abuses becomes apparent, new venues for abuse are repeatedly opened up - take the US repeal of the Glass Steagall Act, which separated commercial from investment banking.
544- It would also provide Afghan peasants, who have been growing poppy despite forced eradication of the plant and incentives to change crops, with an option that is regulated by law and that, in time, could have an impact on the heroin trade.
545- Russia is, in fact, the main provider of energy insecurity in Europe.
546- But this does not hold true in all countries or all age groups, so other factors must be influential, too.
547- In 2002, the Hartz Commission recommended a version of it in Germany.
548- There are countless other possibilities.
549- Neutrality prevented them from becoming candidates so long as the Soviet Union existed.
550- Far from disappearing, the repressed are returning from underground in grotesque forms to haunt the world they grew up in.
551- The days and nights ahead will be difficult, and the secret presence of Russian troops will make them all the more dangerous.
552- Of course, Japan did occupy China, committed unimaginable savagery, and has since paid no reparations or apologized in a convincing way.
553- In the end, the Committee on Scientific Dishonesty was itself reorganized.
554- The final outcome of this sad episode is yet to be told.
555- It is important that we secure efficient institutions and decision procedures.
556- For example, interventions by the Bundesbank were more or less symmetrical, meaning that it intervened both when the dollar was very strong and when the dollar was very weak.
557- Few other areas in the world have been deemed an "economic miracle" for so long.
558- Yet the IMF was still lobbying to change its charter in order to force countries to liberalize their capital markets, ignoring the evidence that this did not lead to enhanced growth or more investment, but only to more instability.
559- In an era of evaporated pensions and benefits for the rank and file, piggish pay packets for CEO's have led a cynical public to wonder where big business has gone wrong.
560- His network was dispersed throughout the world and had been attacking American interests for years.
561- Freeing up capital flows had an inexorable logic -- or so it seemed. Developing nations, the argument went, have plenty of investment opportunities, but are short of savings.
562- Despite the importance of Cyprus, it is the possible war with Iraq that poses the most severe test of the delicate balance that now exists between Turkey's conservative old guard and the more liberal reformers within the ruling Justice and Development Party.
563- There have also been reports, more often on the Internet than in the press, about despairing Lebanese doctors, who, not recognizing the wounds patients have sustained after Israeli air strikes, have described what they see and asked colleagues around the world for help.
564- This is particularly true when their objective is to establish an "alternative" to American leadership in security policy.
565- During the 1990's, private investors looked at big, lumbering central banks as cash cows, long on money and short on financial acumen.
566- Eight of the new members are former Communist countries that were locked behind the Iron Curtain for nearly half a century.
567- Later, Phelps developed a long-term growth theory based on education and technical advances.
568- Surely a more competent administration would be worried about addressing these more severe and urgent fiscal problems.
569- Global warming is a case in point.
570- Indeed, stock prices doubled compared to profits.
571- But where do these differences in attitude toward fundamental issues like inequality come from?
572- What this distinct contribution could be is not difficult to define.
573- Moreover, the economy-wide productivity gap between the US and Western Europe does not appear to be widening very rapidly, if at all.
574- It is not surprising that the triumph of the PC seemed to be accompanied by a revival of the nineteenth-century vision of classical liberalism and individualism.
575- Indeed, many opposition groups engaged in dirty tricks.
576- Most dramatically, more Mexicans than ever before are risking their lives and paying up to $3,000 to enter the "promised land."
577- Like the Clintons, the Kirchners knew from early on in their marriage that they wanted to reach the top, and the best way to do it, they concluded, was together.
578- Nevertheless, electricity usage has reached near-record levels.
579- Argentina achieved per capita economic growth of just 0.5% during 1980-1998, while Korea grew at a rate of 6.2% per year, fueled by its high-technology exports.
580- The only scenario in which there could be a strong, purely economic case for Euro membership is one in which the Euro-zone is doing very well, the British economy is doing very badly, and membership looks like the best way to deliver long-term recovery.
581- These initial considerations cover only a small range of the conceivable environmental effects of the Iraq war.
582- A half-century of working together, plus a decade and a half of adapting to new threats and demands, is paying off.
583- Worse yet, markets will be carved up for political, not commercial, reasons, locking in inefficiencies.
584- Iranians yearn for reform, reflected in President Khatami's two landslide electoral victories.
585- Sometimes the RCB acted as the government's banker, providing liquidity without considering the financial markets; at other times, it focused on the financial markets, providing liquidity to banks.
586- That issue and the unresolved Palestine-Israel debacle are holding off immediate action.
587- Dr. Khan's televised confession and acceptance of sole responsibility for proliferation activities has done nothing to reduced suspicion that there is more here than meets the eye, and of the Pakistani military's complicity in proliferation.
588- They must be embedded in a much more complex institutional framework, which I would describe as the liberal order.
589- Some measures -- unauthorized searches of bank records and wiretapping of telephone calls -- compromise the liberty of all.
590- Such a pattern is a formula for endless conflict and endless defeat.
591- Nonetheless, there is a creeping perception that the OSCE is becoming too deeply engaged in picking winners and losers in Albanian politics - a perception underpinned by wider questions of sovereignty.
592- "Arkan," the leader of the most murderous paramilitary group in the wars in Bosnia and Kosovo, and a political power even after Milosevic's fall, was murdered in Belgrade last year.
593- As these examples suggest, today's information age has been marked by the growing role of non-governmental organizations (NGO's) on the international stage.
594- But there are far more important issues -- above all, freedom of speech, including the freedom to say and write things that annoy, even upset, many.
595- Indeed, this year's annual session of the Academy of Military Sciences saw army commanders and military theorists try to prove that a future source of conflict will be America's desire to control the world's oil-rich regions.
596- No one should doubt that Kuchma intends to stay in power, no matter what.
597- All forecasts, after all, turn out to be wrong in at least one vital dimension.
598- If, however, such advantages were dramatic and mainly determined by biological change, we should expect to find them reflected in the material culture produced by these early, anatomically modern populations.
599- How much restraint is justified?
600- But, if we're ready to rush the pandemic strain into an emergency program to manufacture vaccine, we could possibly blunt the second wave.
601- After a long winter and a non-existent spring, summer started promptly with the first kick-off -- and virtually overnight, Germany has flaunted its sunniest and most delightful side.
602- As already proposed by the Convention, this would mean separating constitutional matters per se from Union policy.
603- Two weeks ago, North Korea declared that in June it successfully reprocessed some 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods and now possesses "nuclear deterrence," suggesting that Kim Jong Il's regime may actually be making atomic bombs.
604- Furthermore, the degree of rigidity in inter-ethnic negotiations since the rise to power of the Bandaranaike family (of which the current President is a member) was accompanied by a series of ideological struggles among Sinhalese politicians, not least those led by various socialist and communist parties.
605- Lethality has been increasing.
606- But many within Moscow's political elite still consider Belarus an integral part of Russia, which it was -- with only short interruptions -- since 1795.
607- In writing to Merkel, he is addressing the leader of a country decimated by Nazi rule -- millions dead, an entire society and economy reduced to rubble.
608- It results in mass unemployment that is inefficient and financially unsustainable.
609- There are a number of qualities that must be understood if integration is to continue to build an ever more open Europe.
610- Monnet's effort to rebuild France by mobilizing business, unions and government authorities at all levels mutated into France's "Great Organizational Myth"- the idea that technocrats can allocate resources better than the market.
611- We recognize, of course, that few of even the most fervent supporters of European integration want to help Ukraine quickly become a member.
612- They saved the banking systems, modernized telecommunications networks, rebuilt ailing industries, raised the quality of goods, and undermined the cozy vested interests that had robbed ordinary citizens for decades.
613- It must be distributed to the needy rather than favoring the elite - a tendency established in the past.
614- The IMF is absolutely right to remind ministers each April of downside risks.
615- In second place is The Myths of Argentine History, Volume One .
616- Auschwitz did not occur in a vacuum. It was the furthest extreme of a disaster that incorporated all these other events.
617- As Walid Jumblatt, the Lebanese Druze leader said, "It's strange for me to say it, but this process of change has started because of the American invasion of Iraq."
618- What's appealing about that?
619- A trip I took to a village in the Tigre region in northern Ethiopia shows why.
620- Yet with the richest countries richer than ever before, and with much of the developing world already escaped from the horrors of extreme poverty, the balance has shifted in favor of ending global poverty.
621- Smart politicians understood that the balance of political costs and benefits had shifted dramatically, and they changed gears fast.
622- The question is whether future American military missions will replicate those of the past five years. 
623- In a new, unstable century, the relationship between Europe and America is more important than ever.
624- But in most cases, entry strategies have been set, serving as important stabilizers for financial markets and economic agents.
625- The main reason is government infighting.
626- IMF and World Bank structural adjustment policies combining trade liberalization with tight monetary policy were supposed to redirect resources from less productive to more productive uses.
627- For the past 50 years, the EU was largely able to count on a benign partnership with the US in a multilateral context; that assumption no longer holds, even if we do not yet know the extent of America's new unilateralism.
628- In essence, the form of government we seek within Germany and across Europe is built on a sense of moral discourse and moral decision-making rather than on the supposedly eternal truth of some abstract political concept.
629- But the behavior of consumer prices in the post-1980 crises is fundamentally different from that seen in the 1930's.
630- For, by taking the steps called for in the Nuclear Posture Review--specifically, developing "new capabilities...to defeat emerging threats," including "extensive research and timely fielding of new systems to address these challenges"--the Bush administration is lowering the threshold for the possible use of nuclear weapons by the US or other countries.
631- We do not know whether Chancellor Gerhard Schröder and/or President Jacques Chirac called Berlusconi to suggest that he find a new Italian Commissioner.
632- In September, Bush made an unexpectedly low-key speech to the UN General Assembly.
633- China has similar problems, with the investment-growth nexus threatening macroeconomic stability -- witness the overheating that occurred in 2003 and 2004.
634- Or is it?
635- Milosevic, the former president of Yugoslavia, and then Serbia, died in prison.
636- Drug trafficking, money laundering and economic crimes are areas where the two countries are already working together, for there is now greater understanding of their respective positions, and also shared interests, on these issues.
637- One reason is that terrorism is typically organized activity.
638- This is, unfortunately, a fair description of what underlies the relationship between NATO and the Russian Federation.
639- The inventor of New Labour would like to be remembered as the man who squared the circle of sustainable economic growth and a reformed welfare state, the man who reconciled wealth creation and social cohesion.
640- Russia's extreme activism is curious.
641- As the world sinks into slowdown, several policy lessons emerge.
642- But the risk to EU gas supplies shows that our fates are linked.
643- Under the influence of market fundamentalism, the IMF does not benefit all of its members sufficiently.
644- The process of integration was reversed after the WWI and finally destroyed in the Great Depression, in a series of vicious shocks: tariff protection, contagious financial panics that spread from the periphery to the heart of the world's financial system, and a turn to economic nationalism and autarky.
645- This is where the inspectors have focused so far.
646- One source of discontent with globalization is that it deprives countries of their freedom to protect their economy and citizens.
647- In 1980, stock market capitalization relative to GDP was five times greater in the US and UK than in Continental Europe; by 2000, it was only 60% higher.
648- Some of these events stemmed from Gorbachev's miscalculations.
649- The Indians Strike Back
650- So how does such a system block offending content?
651- Party caucuses, decisions of party executive committees, and party congresses assume the status of public institutions with informal authority to block government policy.
652- It might not be able to close the Strait of Hormuz, but threats to refineries, storage facilities, and tankers would send oil prices even higher.
653- Asia's Age of Thaksin?
654- They could well squander the significant transfers that they receive through the agricultural and structural funds, as many previous EU recipients did.
655- These include the haunting celebration of a young man's imminent martyrdom by suicide bombing, while other websites, although less violent, have widened the scope of sin to include learning English, studying science, and giving women access to the Internet without a male guardian present.
656- The Gulf War of 1991 demonstrated that wars can actually be bad for an economy.
657- Everyone feels that a seismic shift is under way.
658- A Global Agreement on Basic Telecommunications went into effect in 1998; a Financial Services Agreement to liberalize trade in banking, insurance, and securities was implemented in April 1999.
659- Consider pharmaceuticals. For American drug companies, this agreement extends the time period during which brand-name pharmaceuticals have exclusive access to markets, postponing the entry of generic drugs and thus limiting competition.
660- What other exit strategy can it devise?
661- Anyone who now claims that the 1948 Palestinian refugees have a claim, in principle, to return to Israel, must confront the question: should the millions of Germans expelled from Eastern Europe after 1945 also have the same right of return to their lost homes?
662- This task requires time, patience, hard work, and luck.
663- Consider one example: the number of children per woman in society, known as the ``total fertility rate.'' In societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children, the number of children is very high.
664- But these are the people least likely to take their tax cuts and spend them to boost aggregate demand.
665- The release of Milosevic?
666- When private jobs are no longer competitive, government jobs seem an easy solution to keeping people employed.
667- We should be prepared for them.
668- However, with China's economy currently threatened by ongoing yuan appreciation, liberalizing the financial system could have perverse short-run consequences.
669- But, despite ample funding and abundant media access, Asar finished third.
670- In 2004 alone, China's foreign direct investment in Africa represented $900 million of the continent's $15 billion total.
671- The alliance between Syria and Iran dates back more than two decades, and was explicitly reaffirmed by the two ruling regimes as recently as January 2005.
672- Education ministries in Brazil, Uganda, and throughout many parts of the developing world know what works.
673- Leaving aside all questions of human rights, democracy, and the rule of law, Russia is just too big, too Asiatic, too nuclear, and too much of a "great power," to be accommodated inside the EU.
674- They are a homegrown challenge to an entrenched political order, and they are riding a powerful historical current.
675- Remarkably, responsible macroeconomic policy has followed a wave of populist/socialist electoral victories in recent years.
676- The second lesson of perestroika concerns the program of reform.
677- Declaring that "Arab popular resistance" to the American invasion has spread through the region, Assad referred to the increasing numbers of Arab, including Syrian, "volunteers" who have gone to Iraq to fight alongside Saddam's soldiers.
678- Most international finance economists are becoming increasingly frightened that a major international financial crisis could erupt.
679- These populists promise solutions that dispense with the habits and norms of moderation, notably with centrist democratic policies and an internationalism that seeks to promote peace and prosperity.
680- We have a duty to seek justice for the victims of Charles Taylor's crimes.
681- There is no shortage of examples.
682- True, Al Qaeda's tentacles reach into many conflicts.
683- In services, trade barriers stand in the way of improved quality and efficiency, slowing the growth of a sector that could make a huge contribution to competitiveness and employment.
684- But, on closer inspection, things are not so simple.
685- Draghi replaced Antonio Fazio, whose corrupt protectionist practices in Italy's banking sector had both discouraged capital from coming into Italy and depressed the euro.
686- No doubt, Putin is now likely to behave like a peacemaker.
687- America's macroeconomic situation is also worrisome.
688- Taming our radicals, and the radical impulse, has not been easy.
689- Iraq's Potemkin Government
690- Unlike workers or peasants, students include people from all levels of society, so whatever mobilizes them represents society's focus at that time.
691- So if the settlers have a right to self‑defense, is the fence an acceptable means of realizing that right?
692- The paradox of Brazil's current corruption scandal, and of the widespread corruption of the Mexican left in Mexico City, is that the advent of democracy, which has unveiled, documented, and focused attention on corruption, is largely a product of the left's struggle over the past two decades in both countries.
693- External factors will be critical in determining where Turkey ends up.
694- The cycle thus takes another vicious turn: higher interest rates, continuing currency appreciation, further decimation of the tradeables sector, and the risk of more unemployment.
695- Yushchenko is careful not to criticize oligarchs but "bandits" and corruption, because smaller oligarchs support him.
696- Sovereign debt, needed by all countries, but particularly by the poorest, suffers profoundly from erratic interest-rate and exchange-rate movements. The absence of a lender of last resort in today's world only magnifies the threat involved in each crisis.
697- 4.
698- The postwar architecture of German foreign policy has been made up of several bridges--to the United States, to France, to Britain, to smaller EU member states, to Central and Eastern Europe, and to Russia.
699- Compared to public opinion in 1960, that's certainly an enormous progress.
700- If those who hold power fear that change may bring unpleasant consequences, they will systematically obstruct it, which rulers in the Middle East proceeded to do for centuries.
701- Only by doing so can the Union achieve a more credible foreign and security policy and become a serious partner for the United States, its neighbors, and the rest of the world.
702- Southeast Asia's Widening Arms Race
703- The way to deal with uncertainty and complex situations is to think clearly and act decisively, not cut deals that place Ukraine's future in the hands of shadowy businesses.
704- Such criticism notwithstanding, Friedman makes an important point.
705- The United Nations Security Council has taken these meetings seriously and has requested further regional cooperation on the Iraqi question.
706- Does this mean that a hurricane could hit world financial markets at any moment?
707- How does one separate the terrorist parasite from its unwilling host, without doing fatal violence to the patient?
708- As far back as 1873, in his classic book on central banking, Lombard Street , Walter Bagehot noted that central banks should be able to prevent financial panics by injecting liquidity into the economy.
709- This will involve far more than just the usual regional actors and conflicts.
710- What was not predicted was the size of the victory for this so-called "party of power," or the exceedingly poor showing by the Communist Party (KPRF).
711- So why prefer one genetic potential over the other?
712- The Other War That Should Be Stopped
713- Maybe real estate prices are unlikely to fall to pre-boom levels because the fundamental change in perceptions concerning capitalism's triumph will be longstanding.
714- While these expect little from an often indifferent France, they still, as the discussions in Riga suggest, would be disposed to putting their trust in Germany -- if only German governments once again show they care.
715- The most obvious solution is to increase the number of permanent members from five to eight or nine (including Germany, Japan, India and possibly Brazil) and to change the voting rules, so that two or three permanent members--rather than just one--are needed to block an action.
716- More precisely, Castro limits Cubans.
717- It lasted 50 days and was heartily supported by Beijing residents and people all around the country, from all walks of life.
718- High taxation supports comprehensive national health care, education, pensions, and other social services, resulting in low levels of poverty and a relatively narrow income gap between the richest and poorest households.
719- The main glitch in this scenario, however, is Lewites.
720- Live Long and Prosper
721- The question of whether to meet with nasty but powerful people has dogged diplomacy since its inception, and both ends of the question have been argued endlessly -- and inconclusively.
722- The underlying idea is simple: every year, countries around the world set aside reserves as insurance against contingencies such as an abrupt downturn in foreign lenders' sentiment or a collapse of export prices.
723- International covenants, the Bush Administration conveyed, are maybe all right for lesser powers - but they are an unacceptable restriction on the freedom of action of the world's only superpower.
724- Since everyone carries some adverse genes, there is no clear line between selecting against a child with above-average risks of contracting a disease and selecting for a child with unusually rosy health prospects.
725- The constitution of liberty requires both, and the rule of law is the more difficult of the two to establish and maintain, for it requires not just a constitution but, almost more importantly, an independent judiciary that is sensitive to violations of constitutional and other legitimate rules.
726- The war in Iraq cost countless innocent lives, such as when the UN headquarters in Baghdad was bombed.
727- It is thus hardly surprising that commentaries about avian flu often miss the mark.
728- Even though a consensus had emerged in the Council that a December interest rate hike would be necessary, a handful of holdouts on the ECB Governing Council -- some with their own very private agendas -- leaked misleading and, in one instance, clearly false information to the press in a futile attempt to thwart the increase.
729- Russia is living through the deepest, most prolonged crisis in modern history.
730- The challenge to workers, employers, governments, and communities is to translate what we now know into coordinated and sustainable programs.
731- A recent study conducted in China, including 862 patients who were between the second and tenth day after onset of acute stroke, is the largest truly randomized trial using death or dependency as the primary outcome.
732- Japan's vacation-home boom of the 1980's has largely fizzled with its collapsing stock market and urban land market.
733- It was the Red Army's biggest defeat.
734- Hopes for a development round in world trade -- opening up opportunities for developing countries to grow and reduce poverty -- now seem dashed.
735- Last but not least, we need food policies for the long term. One Europe with the highest standards of food safety.
736- But that miracle will not materialize in Mainz.
737- Given the gravity of the accusations, and the abundance of evidence against him, Ríos Montt should be on his way to prison.
738- But including social policy among the shared competences of the Union is potentially much more serious.
739- Democracy carries certain costs, but they are always lower than the costs of evading popular participation.
740- Thanks to agreements between the rebels and the government that Nelson Mandela and South African Vice President Jacob Zuma helped broker, Burundi can now either turn decisively away from civil strife, or risk a return to the machete politics that have mauled Africa's Great Lakes region for a decade.
741- It was also costly in terms of our soft power to attract others.
742- If these three fail to agree in a crisis, Europe will be opting out; if united on taking action, Europe will be committed.
743- But the desire for dignity is not enough to secure it.
744- The preamble of the Constitution states that Europe is "united in its diversity."
745- Is it supporting real development needs, such as growing more food, fighting disease, or building transport, energy, and communications infrastructure?
746- But perhaps this is irrelevant.
747- Moreover, Russia's default and devaluation in 1998 undermined the progress that was accomplished -- starting in 1996 -- in the banking sector and the capital markets in general.
748- Brazilian bonds would rally and confidence would return at the sight of a lender of last resort.
749- The result is even more corruption and less growth in a sort of "corruption-induced" poverty trap.
750- A sense of alienation towards the West is spreading, and Turkey's diplomatic relations with Russia have reached a hitherto unknown intimacy.
751- But that audience exists because of the deep dissatisfaction and anger of so many young Muslims everywhere.
752- To some, making such priorities seems obscene.
753- Such attempts at blame-shifting are misguided: one can understand the default as the consequence of economic mistakes made over a decade.
754- Corruption and incompetence have forged a state in which tens of millions of lives lay broken and hopeless; where vast swathes of the economy are in ruin; where internal and external debts multiply into many billions of dollars; and where an inept army of corrupt bureaucrats presides over a government that cannot meet the most elementary needs of Ukraine's people.
755- Democratization can surely help remove some of the sources of rage that fuel terrorism, but it is only part of the solution.
756- Nothing would be gained by breaking with Russia and engaging in confrontation with it, but there is no reason not to respond to Realpolitik with Realpolitik.
757- The terrorism that we have come to associate with Al Qaeda is special in many ways.
758- The same is true if the British economy and the Euro-zone economy are both doing badly.
759- Stock market volatility was also very low during the early 1990's, before reaching new peaks later in the decade.
760- Colombia recently bucked this trend, and it now appears that the leftist candidate in Mexico's presidential election, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, was narrowly defeated.
761- Of course, reading too much into a single appointment is wrong.
762- What Verdi believed was possible in the 19
763- Brazil must also pay more attention to environmental management, especially in the fragile yet critical Amazon region, if it wants long-term, sustainable economic development.
764- Yet Japan's modestly named Self-Defense Forces are involved in many regional hot spots (no combat duty, of course) and seek to play a more active part in UN peacekeeping.
765- He is correct, up to a point.
766- The years since, however, were eaten by locusts.
767- This strategy also wins the votes of the poorest segments of society, who make up the majority of Brazil's electorate and receive very little, but see the subsidies as "better than nothing." And the poor make up the majority of Brazil's electorate.
768- Suspicions about such problems--especially about drug-induced suicidal behavior and sensitization to depression--have been rumbling for years, but searching scientific investigations have only just begun.
769- In the aftermath of the French and Dutch referenda, the European Commission and the European Parliament have sketched plans for a Europe-wide debate on these issues.
770- But adopting the terrorists' interpretation of events conceals the reality of this conflict.
771- With the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989, labor flows, both legal and illegal, became much greater.
772- There is still time to save our fisheries, but only if they are reinvented not as the source of an endlessly growing supply of fish for an endlessly growing human population, but as a provider of a healthy complement to grain-based diets.
773- Similarly, a 6,000-man commando unit will be recruited not only to confront outbreaks of domestic terrorism, but also to provide the air-landed component for the new ship-based helicopter squadrons.
774- Many in the audience were shocked by his remarks, but Cheney seemingly failed to grasp how appalled his audience was.
775- Exit polls suggest that ballot totals fairly closely reflect voter choices.
776- Now that the Kyoto Protocol has been ratified, with even Russia belatedly signing on, a threat is emerging against an earlier landmark in international environmental protection -- the Vienna Convention and the Montreal Protocol for defending the stratospheric ozone layer.
777- Stock Market Fantasies
778- Umberto Bossi, the League's leader, made three promises before the last elections: to reduce the tax burden; to halt clandestine immigration; and to devolve powers from the central government in Rome to regional administrations.
779- · First, under his leadership, Brazil firmly embraced human rights, not only in the sense of democratic elections, but in terms of economic justice for African-Brazilians and indigenous Brazilians, people who had long been discriminated against.
780- Moreover, for the first time, Colombia's neighbors seem willing to abandon Latin America's traditional "hands-off" policy in order to offer assistance.
781- The second question is how to continue the negotiations with Bulgaria and Romania.
782- But, as the Kirchners dream their mythic dreams, they will also be confronted with reality.
783- But it is to be hoped that the West's legal systems will provide an alternative recourse, one that will not only partially redress past injustices, but provide incentives for corporations to think twice before profiting from brutal regimes in the future.
784- Institutions and governments, like people, make bold resolutions at the beginning of every year.
785- Among residents of the Iranian capital, the share of "nationalists" soared from 38% in 2000 to 59% in 2005.
786- Are the Dollar's Days Numbered?
787- Micro-financing--small loans to self-employed craftspeople and the like--can help.
788- How could America's government have proceeded with this privatization, which on its face seemed so absurd?
789- Indeed, China's income distribution today looks more like that of Brazil than that of Sweden.
790- Continuing this policy is not in America's interest.
791- Who's he kidding?
792- An aging population contributes to Europe's poor economic performance.
793- NATO is the only permanent political forum in which North America sits together with Europe.
794- Rather than castigating the poor for their "sins," we should make careful diagnoses, as a good doctor would, for each country and region - to understand the fundamental factors that retard economic growth and development.
795- But the weaknesses in the economy as a result of this economic mismanagement mean that those who lose their jobs will face a tougher time.
796- In his more popular articles, in his columns, and on the podium, his wit and the speed of his mind made him a formidable presence.
797- The internal debates will be heated and their conclusions difficult for some to accept.
798- As the examples of the recent Korean and Thai financial crises show, what is needed is political will that is equal to the task.
799- Yet Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has rejected such a cease-fire.
800- Kerry knows that in most cases military power alone cannot be decisive, as there are other dimensions of power - so-called "soft power" - that are essential to resolving crises and establishing peace. These dimensions include international legitimacy, values (including tolerance), and public opinion.
801- In particular, Indonesia will inevitably become involved in the tug of war between the US and China for influence over the vitally important Malacca Strait.
802- "Dada covers things with an artificial tenderness," wrote Tzara.
803- This is the single most important challenge facing Calderón; designing and building new institutions should be his first priority.
804- Such rapid industrial rises are rare, but not unprecedented.
805- When the government began to loosen restrictions on raw cashew exports in the late 1980s, workers and employers in these factories took a big hit.
806- Projected annual revenues from this project for oil companies such as Chevron, Exxon, and Petronas, and lenders like the World Bank and the European Investment Bank, are estimated at $4.7 billion.
807- The Right to Die
808- Just as the world confronted the "German Question" 125 years ago, it is now confronting the "China Question."
809- However many failed states there were in the world before America invaded Iraq, there is one more now.
810- That they no longer do so is deeply disturbing.
811- Japan also faces serious demographic challenges.
812- These views translate readily into action.
813- This would require Europe's governments to increase their deficits in the short run, while improving the long run outlook through serious pension reform.
814- For the reformers, normality meant the progressive development of Muslim societies, and they tied this to the interaction of Islamic teaching with relevant, worldly ideas of the time.
815- But for a private sector to develop, governments must provide well-defined and legally protected property rights, and they must reduce red tape.
816- Her appeal to voters is simple: "I am a woman, and you have never tried a woman, so be modern and try one now."
817- Modern history, however, did teach Asians that disunity led to European triumphs over them.
818- Nevertheless, one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected, so that the new parliament cannot function properly.
819- Then he revealed that his wife was doing business with one of Montesinos's banker friends and that his family members had obtained highly paid government posts.
820- While such decisions must not ignore longer-term developments, the time horizon for inflation forecasts is usually only one to two years, beyond it gets highly uncertain.
821- It raised the stakes for the island's pro-independence camp and increased the risk of a cross-Strait military conflict.
822- Therefore, it is in the EU's interest to help them qualify in terms of political, civil and economic stability.
823- The death of Kuwait's ruler, Sheikh Jaber al-Sabah, on January 15, 2006, was followed by unprecedented national disquiet, which led to the rapid abdication of his designated successor, Saad Al Sabah.
824- People make a conscious choice to become either cosmopolitans or locals, depending on their own personal talents and the perceived returns from making the choice.
825- Today, no single country or combination of countries can stand up to American military might.
826- Their countries sank deeply into debt, with low rates of growth, endemic corruption, and bloated public sectors.
827- But if Georgians shiver through another energy-less winter in 2004, they could well lose their patience--and their trust in democracy.
828- By that fact alone, he added a spiritual dimension to an age which is dominated by worldly concerns, such as wealth and show business.
829- The failure of the June EU summit and the bitter clashes between Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac have even inspired some to proclaim the beginning of the end for Europe.
830- But we do know that, like the late 19th-century boom in trade in staple goods fueled by the iron-hulled ocean-going steamship and the submarine telegraph, it will.
831- In both cases, however, after initial progress, countries have shown clear signs of political "fatigue": in the euro area, the Stability Pact has imploded; throughout Eastern Europe, budget deficits have started to rise.
832- China's trade surplus with the US exceeds $100 billion, but it runs a deficit with India.
833- Russia's performance since then has been impressive, yet its GDP remains almost 30% below what it was in 1990.
834- Given the high hopes that preceded ascension to the EU, and the stingy attitude of the Union to its new members, it should not surprise anyone if an anti-European reaction soon starts to brew in these countries.
835- True autonomy for Japan, as in the past, depends once more on active and cooperative engagement in containing a world crisis.
836- He suppressed the Kurds, reassuring both Turkey and Syria, countries with sizeable--and restive--minority populations of their own.
837- Looking more closely, one finds that while these controversies were often framed in religious terms, they were not at all about religion.
838- Curious about the contents of the trunk, the captain of the ship crept down to Descartes' cabin one night and opened it.
839- But if the US continues to downgrade its commitment to multilateralism, and instead determines to intervene militarily wherever it pleases, then the world will become a much more dangerous place.
840- Such a rejection would not only put transatlantic relations even more at risk than they are today; it would also put relations between European countries in peril.
841- More than half a million Africans and two million people globally die each year from TB, the leading infectious cause of death for people with HIV/AIDS.
842- By contrast, a European Commission that is directly elected would have great legitimacy, as well as being insulated from political fights inside the European Parliament, thereby increasing its political effectiveness.
843- The upcoming defense review will mandate changes based on events of the past five years, focusing especially on Iraq, Afghanistan, and other aspects of the war on terror.
844- Most people engaged in these activities would respond with answers like, "because I like to" or, "because it fulfills me," if not, "I feel obliged not to waste my talent."
845- The recession of 2001 combined an inventory downturn with an investment downturn.
846- A Secretary General of the UN is more secretary than general.
847- Once a German Chancellor becomes unpopular regardless of why these party organizations no longer view him as a vote-winner, and the parliamentary majoritys barons will balk at implementing painful reforms, no matter how necessary and beneficial.
848- What Putin may be able to provide is the diplomatic cover the US president needs to maintain his pose of not negotiating directly with the North Koreans.
849- This massive hemorrhage of foreign currency is channeled exclusively to France, thanks to a capital control it put in place in 1993.
850- It is also the world's top exporter of merchandise and the second-largest exporter of goods and services.
851- Instead, he moved further right, with massive tax cuts as his main economic proposal.
852- Issuing the new global money would reduce this uncertainty.
853- So it is often safer to run with the crowd, even if you think the crowd is running in the wrong direction.
854- Is this what normalcy always means?
855- Families in rural and semi-rural areas often have no choice but to exploit what they perceive as a "free" energy source.
856- Law and order is on the agenda of most governments, but many voters feel that it still does not have proper prominence.
857- That clearly is the case of late in America.
858- Muslim countries do tend to be characterized by lower levels of inequality and crime (a good proxy for social exclusion) than other countries at similar stages of economic development, such as those in Catholic Latin America.
859- With half of the world's 6 billion people living on $2 per day or less, the education gap remains stark.
860- The International Criminal Court will prosecute heads of states for war crimes.
861- On the left, the growing working class sought to use political power to change economic relations - to advance more progressive tax policies, or to stop the use of tariffs to protect the old order.
862- Some economists argue that there is little power in relationships where buyers and sellers consent to a price that clears a market.
863- But the internet is helping to change these rules.
864- It is not destabilizing speculation that poses the biggest threat to Sweden today, but rather poor monetary management - including an excessive focus on inflation in the manner of the ECB.
865- The Americans who signed the Declaration of Independence, as British citizens, were all guilty of treason for levying war against King George III.
866- Poor traders like Rosalia want real shops, and for some, Namibia Beverages, the local bottling operation of Coca-Cola, is answering the call with sturdy iron cabins that are spacious, portable, and easily secured.
867- When they have an opportunity to share money with a stranger who has trusted him or her, non-cooperators keep all the money rather than share the largess.
868- The "end-of-civilization" argument is counterproductive to serious public debate.
869- Even after the increases in annual assistance promised by Bush at the UN's meeting in Monterey, Mexico, in 2002, the United States is still giving less than a quarter of its commitment of 0.7% of GDP.
870- In short, the more equipment and infrastructure a country is installing, the more its people have to work with.
871- While these were important, however, Germany did not begin its arduous path away from zero hour with concern for the past.
872- That sum would make it possible to extend essential health services to the hundreds of millions of people that now lack medical attention, including treatment for AIDS, immunizations of children, and the distribution of bed-nets to prevent malaria.
873- Despite the announced reforms, it is unlikely that there will be any significant exchange-rate flexibility in China's currency.
874- -1.8
875- Why not?
876- This was done after an FDA commissioned re-analysis of safety data from all trials of the newer antidepressants demonstrated increased risk of suicidality (definitive suicidal behaviour/ ideation) and increased risk of treatment-emergent hostility or agitation in those treated with the active drug compared to placebo.
877- The public is largely unaware of the scientific knowledge we have concerning the threats and risks that we face, and that we can reduce these risks by thinking ahead.
878- Moreover, America might also once again retreat bitterly into isolationism, blaming her failure on the UN and on disloyal European allies.
879- None of this will come cheap.
880- But what if it's too late, and the zero interest_rate bound is reached while prices are falling?
881- The bad news, then, is that the conflict will go on for decades, owing to intransigence and growing chaos on the Palestinian side.
882- Both ethnic Russians and ethnic Ukrainians view the tenth-century feudal state known as "Kyiv Rus" very favorably.
883- Each has been the other's ``other,'' and their sometimes friendly, sometimes hostile, relations have bonded them more deeply than either realizes.
884- Diplomatic obstruction is not the only means Russian elites use to foster antagonism with the US. They also seek to inflame domestic public opinion.
885- Chile's dignity now hinges on whether or not its legal system reaches the same conclusion.
886- While the decline in fertility is global, its speed varies across countries.
887- Three years ago, in Iraq, Saddam Hussein and his sons brutally ruled a nation in the heart of the Middle East.
888- The benefits of these models are supposedly so obvious that it seems incomprehensible that ASEAN's leaders cannot see them.
889- Brazil, too, has in recent decades depleted much of its forestland, only at faster rates.
890- Nonetheless the challenges he faces are enormous.
891- In any case, she will have her hands full pushing through the economic reforms for which she will be elected and which are her top priority.
892- In the period from 1991 to 1993, nationalism was on the rise because Yeltsin's infant democracy seemed weak, with the country in the throes of a deep economic crisis, as well as an acute confrontation between different branches of government.
893- Here, too, the data are contradictory or preliminary, with some indicating a decrease in suicide accompanying the increase in use of antidepressants.
894- Under Chancellor Helmut Kohl, it gave up its beloved Deutsche Mark for the sake of deepening European integration, but also to sooth French fears that Germany was poised to establish monetary hegemony over the continent.
895- Government should provide citizens with public goods: collective defense, legislation and regulation, enforcement of the rule of law.
896- First, long-term continuation of violence will force Israel to withdraw from the occupied territories.
897- Asserting Western values in a unified way and then assigning jobs to those who can do them best seems a more effective and dignified approach than the present spectacle of Americans moving forward almost blindly while Europeans try to look away.
898- The costs of its economic program was perceived as simply too high, relative to the inchoate benefit of a seemingly more "legitimate" leadership than that of Mr. Berlusconi.
899- A recent poll in Egypt ranked Nasrallah, Meshal, and Ahmadinejhad as the three most popular figures.
900- It will also take longer to validate a PARP inhibitor for use as a prophylactic treatment, because the treatment cannot be proven effective in a short time.
901- Poor countries achieve lower levels of corruption when civil rights are protected.
902- I was there.
903- In fact, even the American poor do not mind inequality, which they see as a social ladder that they can climb.
904- Although it imposes hardships on others, the fence is a plausible means of protection against suicide bombers. It is neither disproportionate nor excessive.
905- The creation of Camp X-Ray at Guantanamo, and President Bush's executive order establishing military commissions to try those held there, aimed to deal with prisoners seized during the war in Afghanistan whom the US considered to be ``unlawful combatants.''
906- The contribution of the Helsinki process in Europe was its recognition that true peace required a new relationship between rulers and ruled as well as between states.
907- Central banks increasingly realize that no matter how much legal independence they have, their credibility with investors requires transparent monetary policy and effective communication with politicians and the wider public.
908- But his lies did not lead his country into a war that has cost thousands of lives.
909- But unlimited progress cannot be paid for with finite funds.
910- Italians (and later Turks) who worked in Northern Europe and then returned home with sufficient assets to start small businesses made a double contribution; they helped their host countries and then helped their home countries.
911- So how bad was the election?
912- The Gulf states, especially Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, offered Saddam massive financial and media support.
913- This goal is now within reach.
914- Not only does a higher percentage of American adults work, but they also work more hours per week and more weeks per year.
915- They include long-term monitoring for adverse health effects and batteries of tests for genetic stability, toxins, allergenicity, and so on.
916- Thus, America trumpeted its continuing support for Turkish membership in the EU, notably in President Bush's speech in June at Istanbul's Galatasaray University - at a bridge that joins Asia and Europe.
917- With fixed supply, rents on these properties should increase at a rate equal to or above the rate of GDP growth.
918- What happens in the end?
919- True, this year is a bit better thanks to having Russia's Vladimir Putin as host; there is simply too much tension between him and his Western counterparts to keep all emotions under wraps.
920- Of course, all countries eventually overcome crises.
921- Let's Get Real About Money
922- The war ended with Israeli forces 70 miles from Cairo, and less than 20 miles from Damascus, their success obscured by the shock of the surprise attack, emotional over-reactions, and the difficulty of seeing clearly through the fog of war.
923- The Kuchma regime's vast wealth, stolen from ordinary Ukrainians, suggested that the reign of thuggery and deceit could go on forever.
924- Columnists point out that the real reason for the slaughter is economic.
925- They asked how investors would price stocks if they expected historical average returns to continue, while also deciding that the risk was essentially zero.
926- When German officials pushed in the 1990's for the Stability and Growth Pact as a prerequisite for giving up the Deutschmark, they did not anticipate that Germany would be the first country to violate the pact.
927- So it seems to most Romanians not only preposterous, but immoral , for the EU to care so much for a pig's last moments of life when it seems to care so little for the everyday life of ordinary Romanians.
928- No country can succeed if it denies itself the talents of half of its people.
929- A global savings glut would suggest that rebalancing the world economy requires policies to boost America's savings rate and to increase non-US households' consumption.
930- Some Nato members hope to evade these problems altogether through delay.
931- The Slovak government is still in power, but it has lost its majority and could fall soon.
932- China urgently needs to maintain an annual growth rate of over 9% as a bulwark against social disorder.
933- The word "terrorism" appears in law books and legislation around the world. Various civil sanctions apply to "terrorist organizations," and it can be a crime to assist one.
934- When current overnight rates can no longer be lowered, it is vital that a central bank credibly signal its intention to maintain looser policy in the future, when it will have more room to maneuver.
935- Bridging these differences will not be easy, even though the US, for all its power, needs partners to fight terrorism, nuclear weapons proliferation, and global climate change.
936- Shaping up the public sector is an obvious goal, but civil servants are adamantly opposed to what would in effect mean new and much less attractive work contracts. 
937- Just recently, Romanian president Traian Barescu signed the Treaty to join the European Union.
938- This can be done in several ways: by means tests that impose duties on many parents; by loans to be repaid under favourable conditions; by a special tax on graduates; or by mixtures of such approaches involving a generous system of bursaries as well as charges on well-to-do parents.
939- As adamant opposition to the legal regulation of assisted dying weakens, so the issues of practical applicability become more important.
940- But without more and deeper reforms, there will be too few of the preconditions for economic growth that lure investment--without which no growth is possible.
941- Indeed, fear, insecurity, and nationalism are again raising their heads.
942- The US must help these countries build up their infrastructure, educational and legal systems, competitiveness, and transparency.
943- So, once again, Mahathir felt pressure to adopt a strategy aimed at preventing Islam from becoming a tool of opposition.
944- Recognizing this fact, the Pact's architects made things worse by adopting two misguided `solutions'.
945- But how much will it matter?
946- Exports outside the Euro area claim only 15-16% of Europe's total output, and will be even less when (and if) Sweden and the UK join the Euro.
947- In Iraq, some of these steps have already been taken.
948- Recent research I conducted with the IMF's Arvind Subramanian demonstrates that Nigeria's poor economic performance is primarily a story of the mismanagement of oil revenues.
949- Tropical countries that sign this convention will seriously damage the health of their peoples.
950- India already is being treated with growing respect in global economic councils.
951- If the oil price stays at $40 a barrel, expect it to have next to no effect on short-term world GDP growth.
952- But the boom generated by such beliefs cannot go on forever, because prices can't go up forever, and there are already signs of a hard landing.
953- Once upon a time, North America, notably the US, seemed to provide the answer.
954- But high expectations, both domestically and internationally, can lead to huge disappointments.
955- Ordinary Kenyans played a key role in changing the outcome of what, ten years ago, would have been a done deal.
956- Diplomacy, in its traditional form, was never Russia's strong suit.
957- Other bodies want to revive the idea of creating an international tribunal to investigate war crimes in Chechnya.
958- One of the special vulnerabilities of Israel, and a repetitive cause of violence, is the holding of prisoners.
959- Clear electoral rules and procedures can help ensure transparency, but accountability also comes from the broad society in between elections.
960- In his recent book The Skeptical Environmentalist , for example, the Danish public-policy analyst Bjørn Lomborg cited data reported by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) that showed increasing figures for global fish catches.
961- Like Americans and others around the world, they are threatened by violent extremism.
962- Such a declaration would mean that Europe is not closing its doors on Ukraine, a country with a European cultural identity and a long tradition of struggle for democracy and human rights.
963- Not only are these assumptions absurd, but so are the conclusions: there is no involuntary unemployment, markets are fully efficient, and redistribution has no real consequence.
964- Meanwhile, poverty rates in South America have remained relatively constant.
965- A more fruitful question than an inquiry into America's motives is how the US will act once war comes. Here we don't have to rely on second-guessing individuals.
966- These opportunities need to be seized with as much alacrity as the world has responded to Asia's sorrow.
967- Kadima's success is due to Sharon's main innovation in Israeli politics: the successful unilateral disengagement from Gaza.
968- Europe's finance ministers have played a clever game with the ECB.
969- Romania is due to end its membership negotiations with the EU in 2004.
970- Europe's disappointing economic performance lies at the root of this.
971- In China, there is no such protection, because private property was not legally recognized until recently, and the court system is not independent.
972- With GE's leadership, which it termed "ecomagination" (combining ecology with imagination), many US businesses are sure to follow.
973- These advances are the result of audacious institutional reforms and the government's sustained and increased investment in social programs.
974- Chinese elites are convinced that time is working in their favor, and that it is only natural that China should regain its rank amongst the world leading powers, perhaps even emerging on top one day.
975- Even as hundreds of similar outsourcing centers spring up in Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America, the Accra center remains a rarity in Africa.
976- But "Private France" - despite its dynamism - cannot continue to compete and innovate while carrying the dead weight of "Public France" on its shoulders.
977- Its proposals are based on the illusion that a key factor in German unemployment is an ineffective labor market bureaucracy that fails to match those searching for jobs with the many jobs on offer.
978- This mechanism, called corollary discharge or reafference, reduces our experience of the sensations that we cause by our own actions.
979- It was assumed that Cyprus should be united when the country joined the EU in 2004.
980- A stronger EU is America's natural partner, occasional competitor, but certainly not a rival.
981- Whatever may happen, I as the people's loyal servant am with them all the way.
982- Saddam Hussein possessed missiles and deadly biological agents yet did not use them because he was deterred by the implicit threat, made by former US Secretary of State James Baker, that the US would retaliate with all necessary means, including nuclear weapons.
983- The names of only a few of the thousands arrested for political crimes are known.
984- Since communism's fall, the nations of Central and Eastern Europe have undergone exhilarating yet wrenching transitions.
985- Just as Fromkin shows with regard to Germany in 1914, the Bush administration manipulated US public opinion to support the Iraq War as a war on terror, even though Iraq had nothing to do with any terrorist attack against the US.
986- Falling birthrates depend on a rise in the status of women, confidence in public health, growing prosperity, and strong cultural cues to convince people that there are other, better indicators of success than a large family.
987- After that, the entire society collapsed.
988- Germany has 450 hidden world champions for niche products, and is home to 15 of the 20 biggest trade fairs in the world.
989- So an alliance between them would seem a near impossibility.
990- In Asia and the Pacific, children routinely work endless hours, sleep on factory floors and subsist on scanty rations.
991- Context reveals something at the low end of the scale as well.�Two DNA sequences generated at random must be 25% identical, by virtue of the fact that DNA is a sequence of only four bases.�Therefore, all multicellular life, having presumably developed from a single common ancestral form, must be over 25% identical in their DNA sequences.
992- Any good international investment banker knows that the end of April is a bad time to come peddling his services, for that is when the world's finance ministers return home from the IMF meetings in Washington, chastened that risks to the global economy could spill over into their own backyards.
993- Consider China and India, the two growth miracles of the last twenty years as well as the leading exemplars of what the World Bank calls ``globalizers.''
994- The Belgian judge, everyone here now hopes, will shortly seek Habré's extradition from Senegal, where Habré's victims began their quest two years ago.
995- Comparing the human losses of Finland and Estonia throughout the 20'th century, it is clear that trying to avoid conflict and accepting paper guarantees imposed greater losses in percentage terms on us than on Finland.
996- It's no surprise that his health has grown worse since his return.
997- The Ozone Mafia
998- Russian Realities
999- Part of this negative assessment is inevitable: by the time a country comes to the IMF it is on its way to the economic emergency room. Radical surgery usually follows.
1000- In early 2006, when the Ifo indicator foresaw an economic upturn while the German Federal Statistical Office reported meager quarterly GDP growth figures, some commentators scoffed.
1001- Compare this situation to the drama 60 years ago. Then it was American troops and arms that liberated Western Europe from Nazism.
1002- They're free to choose where to put their money. Europe's stock markets will begin to look like an attractive alternative.
1003- In their stead must come, on the one hand, direct talks, security guarantees, and support in political and economic integration.
1004- The fact that an Iranian reaction to a military attack might be ferocious does not mean that Iran's government should be allowed to do whatever it deems appropriate.
1005- Most countries have already changed their immigration laws, or have promised to do so before the deadline.
1006- But as he exits his post, there is a growing consensus that history will record the straight-talking Dutchman as being the right man for the right job at the right time.
1007- When Prime Minister Tony Blair described the next election as a fistfight in which the "flyweight" Cameron would be carried out and the "heavyweight" Brown victorious after a short bout, he got much applause from his supporters in the House of Commons, but the remark went down badly with voters.
1008- It is possible to see in Chavez but another Latin American populist sorcerer's apprentice, one whose political shelf life will expire whenever oil prices begin their inevitable shift backward.
1009- Historically, the Kurds - who are distinct in language, culture, and historical consciousness from Arabs - never had their day in court.
1010- Furthermore, Abe will seek to reorganize the prime minister's office to reinforce its ability to function as a political headquarters that can make quick decisions on national strategy concerning diplomatic and security issues.
1011- But we must also limit human activities that contribute to atmospheric heating, or that exacerbate its effects.
1012- One young mother, Rosalia, who lives in a small shack with seven children by different fathers, may look destitute to Western eyes, but she has a small business selling dried meat.
1013- Both alternatives are unpalatable.
1014- The King brought all the political forces together to draft a national charter for political participation.
1015- The danger in Saudi Arabia is that the IRA are no match for Muslim fundamentalists in their fanaticism.
1016- There are ways to improve the existing system, but is something altogether different and better possible?
1017- If we make provisions for long lives that are cut short, we will have wasted huge amounts of precious economic resources.
1018- The altered parts of the nervous system might keep generating injury messages, even after the original injury has healed.
1019- Affirmations and vows are not data-dependent; they are matters of the heart.
1020- The Long Marchers persevered, fought, starved, despaired, and endured.
1021- Since 2003, China has become Mexico's most important trading partner after the United States.
1022- As he put it in 1951, "Many places don't dare to kill counter-revolutionaries on a grand scale with big publicity.
1023- Wouldn't phasing them out make a big dent in world poverty?
1024- Above all, it requires international agencies and groupings that remain alert to the risks of illiberal democracies.
1025- The fence assumes that they, as a people, are the source of the deadly threats to the settlers.
1026- But the problem is more general and extends to America's Arab allies as well.
1027- But all this should not happen.
1028- Such outcomes are not unimportant, but they represent a far cry from the picture painted by free-trade fundamentalists.
1029- Global use of fossil fuels is contributing to a sharp rise in atmospheric carbon dioxide, which is causing the Earth to warm.
1030- This pattern of trade has now been mirrored in the increasing geographical spread of BSE from the UK to other countries in Europe, and more recently to Japan and the United States.
1031- But President George W. Bush's war on terror undermined the basic principles of American democracy by expanding executive powers.
1032- That means the city gets more green space and retains more of its history without halting badly needed construction.
1033- With his stunning victory in Sunday's second round of Brazil's presidential elections, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva ("Lula") has finally achieved his goal after four attempts.
1034- Whenever governments lose moral authority, as when their police seize evidence in violation of the Constitution, their case for conviction suffers.
1035- This is critical, as Pinochet has sought to deny his competency.
1036- Failure would lead America to seek the UN Security Council's formal condemnation of Iran, coupled with sanctions.
1037- For stability to be preserved, Sino-Japanese relations must improve.
1038- Militants have also attacked non-governmental organizations, particularly those located in the undeveloped tribal Northern Areas that lie beyond the writ of Pakistani law.
1039- Should Bush and Bernanke cause investors to lose faith in US financial assets at some point, the rising euro will help shield European interest rates from the consequences.
1040- What has been unfolding in front of our eyes in the last four weeks has been a modern and reduced version of the balance-of-power system that dominated Europe and the world in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
1041- It will require similar audacity if it is to turn its moribund economy around.
1042- Still, it is tempting to think that Syria is witnessing a new beginning, and the end of an era whose sins we all bear.
1043- One Europe that starts pondering how to steer its agricultural policy in a more market oriented and green direction. One Europe with a new fisheries policy that safeguards marine natural resources for the future while taking due account of the importance of the fishing industry to local communities.
1044- When the failures described above occurred, engineers were sensitized to their own limitations and so approached subsequent designs - no matter of what kind of bridge - with renewed respect for the laws and forces of nature.
1045- Thus, the most lasting effect of the first reformist wave was the establishment of a " salafi " (traditionalist) trend and eventually the emergence of an even more radical fundamentalism.
1046- Instead of the state being strengthened, it is being reborn as a police-bureaucratic apparatus to suppress social protest, extort bribes, and assure political repression.
1047- Second, the world community welcomed China as a member of the World Trade Organization.
1048- Eventually, the southern hemisphere's more dramatic urban problems will spill over into mass migration to northern cities.
1049- Modern technology makes it easy to have a paper trail for voting machines, at little cost; yet several states chose not to provide this minimal safeguard.
1050- Will the Atlantic Alliance be able to defend our safety and security in a radically altered strategic environment?
1051- Even so, such marginal forces do not yet constitute a system for redressing grievances.
1052- Private entrepreneurs felt secure not because the government was prevented from expropriating them, but because, sharing in the profits, it had no interest in expropriating them.
1053- No longer. Americans increasingly ask: "Why bother?" and point to the efficacy of NATO.
1054- For those who benefit from the politics of ambiguity, international law is an indispensable prop.
1055- The occupation of Germany--and of Japan--after WWII followed intense fighting for many years, coming at a point when the vanquished countries viewed their defeat as irreversible.
1056- To implement these commitments, world leaders, including US President George W. Bush, met again in Monterrey, Mexico, to adopt the Monterrey Consensus on how to achieve the breakthrough from poverty.
1057- Fraudulent disclosures are commonplace.
1058- But other hostilities soon took hold, and by the fourth century, Christians had more to fear from each other than from outsiders.
1059- This reasoning can apply as well to how we regard adults.
1060- The fragmented nature of European defense procurement, the Byzantine rules of the European defense trade, and industrial capabilities shaped by the Cold War legacy all sap Europe's ability to meet its military needs.
1061- These challenges - petroleum scarcity, growing instability in the Middle East, and climate change - require clear thinking.
1062- Austria
1063- Like the Nixon/Connolly team, the Bush administration is responding to America's massive budget and trade deficits by letting the dollar fall--and hard --while it also tries to distract attention from its responsibility by pointing an accusing finger at China as the cause for both US joblessness and deflationary pressures.
1064- We have a large foreign population and one of the world's largest consular corps.
1065- As expansion of the EU approaches, many Europeans see in it only things to be feared: masses of economic migrants, and poor countries demanding subsidies.
1066- Indeed, China is on the precipice of becoming an environmental wasteland.
1067- Denying a visa to Russian human rights activist Sergey Kovalyov?
1068- Alternatively, the number of working years required to qualify for a full retirement benefit can be increased.
1069- Similarly, Israelis and Palestinians have both engaged in barbaric acts in a tragic interplay of mutual fear that empowers extremists in both communities.
1070- President George H.W. Bush even threatened to reduce American aid to Israel.
1071- On the level of the wider population, the battle against depression has not been won.
1072- Yet homosexuality remains outside the pale.
1073- On the eve of Koehler's arrival as Managing Director, the world had experienced a period of financial turbulence not seen since the 1930's.
1074- So resistance to change is built into the system.
1075- In the face of repression, Internet Islam appears to speak with authentic authority.
1076- The Chinese government's reaction - every so often - is to behead a bunch of obvious and odious villains.
1077- Suddenly, however, something is changing and for totally unexpected reasons.
1078- Rather than improving services and living conditions in areas where it could have helped consolidate peace, the government, at America's behest, will allocate hundreds of millions of dollars to pay investment banks, accounting firms, and legal advisors who assist with that refinancing.
1079- Indeed, one of Schroeder's first major foreign-policy experiences was the EU summit of 1999, where the leaders of France and Britain played rough with the newcomer from Berlin.
1080- Moreover, China has sought to improve trade and transit ties with Central Asia over the last decade, reflecting its growing interests there.
1081- We will need the solidarity of our neighbors, and of freedom-loving peoples around the world, to assure that our democratic dreams are realized in peace.
1082- These fundamental rights are part and parcel of democratic government.
1083- Until 1990, France-or, rather, much of its political class-tacitly agreed with Nobel laureate François Mauriac's famous confession: "I love Germany so much that I prefer it to be split into two parts ."
1084- The question, she reports on www.opendemocracy.net, seemed to take him by surprise, and he did not support the idea. Like Toulmin, I wonder if this is a truth that is just too inconvenient, even for him.
1085- Another reason why guilt does not capture our situation is that the collective debt must be owed to some coherent collective entity, such as the Jewish people in the Holocaust.
1086- Changes have also occurred in the motivation and organization of terrorist groups.
1087- It would make the exit of occupation forces more complex and perhaps more drawn-out.
1088- Moreover, in accordance with Saudi tradition, the ruling family appoints a Prince as chairman of the General Committee overseeing the elections -- a sign not of wider political participation, but of business as usual.
1089- But only a broad public outcry will convince the Praesidium to scrap this disastrous approach. Daniel Gros is Director of Research, Centre for European Policy Studies,
1090- -3.5
1091- The search for a new Managing Director of the IMF provides a keen reminder of how unjust today's international institutions are.
1092- Mugabe, however, immediately appointed Mnangagwa, who is much feared and often linked to allegations of corruption, as Speaker of Parliament.
1093- The more immediate explanation for the lack of reforms derives from the paradox of the strength of the French economy.
1094- Now the axis has crushed hopes of passing a new European constitution in Brussels by demanding the so-called "double majority" rule, which would seriously weaken medium-size and smaller countries' voting power by comparison to what was agreed three years ago in Nice.
1095- The basic institutional balances between the Commission, the Council and the European Parliament are not in question.
1096- But the Constitution must not only introduce more clarity, transparency, and efficiency into the workings of European institutions; it must also bring the EU closer to its citizens.
1097- Such spending risks absorb productive resources that could be employed more efficiently elsewhere.
1098- The parties of reform and of Europe triumphed.
1099- The French, for example, do not want to lose farm subsidies, just as they are not eager to give more money to the new members, whose reformed economies are taking away French jobs.
1100- In the long run, however, the answer to Maoist totalitarianism is greater and more inclusive democracy, a vibrant free press, and civil liberties.
1101- The first three--free market reform, the rule of law, and a pragmatic foreign policy--have been widely acclaimed, while the fourth--"managed democracy"--has been tolerated because it has brought political stability.
1102- It is, of course, easier to mock the attempts of organizations such as USAID to tackle poppy production than provide a viable solution.
1103- When Human Rights Watch declared last January that the Iraq War did not qualify as a humanitarian intervention, the international media took notice.
1104- In the UK, however, the epidemic of variant CJD seems to have peaked in 2000 and is now in decline, with 156 cases being identified so far.
1105- Any redistribution, indeed, should be transparent, and take place via taxation and non pension-related transfers.
1106- The right to public speech and peaceful assembly must be defended for those who feel marginalized and indignant at what they -- and most Europeans -- view as injustices committed against the Palestinians, the Chechens, and the Iraqis.
1107- If America now has the right to attack Baghdad, then Iraq--which has made no public statements of aggressive intent toward the US--has the reciprocal right to attack Washington.
1108- The shadow of such fragmentation, with its unfathomable perils, now hangs over Iraq.
1109- The biggest development successes in recent years have been in places like China and Vietnam, where Western economic ideas, to the extent that they were considered at all, lost out to more practically oriented policymakers.
1110- The cleverest, most literally earth-shattering notions of physics for two generations came not from the expected powerhouses of the day, but from Budapest.
1111- The political will to keep the process moving forward has eroded.
1112- For that very reason, the outcome of the war is likely to be more satisfactory than many now seem to believe.
1113- These two traits, although they seem to conflict, and are certainly different from the values of American and British conservatives, nonetheless form a sound basis for a realistic pragmatism and the shunning of ideological politics - which is precisely the politics that Germany now requires.
1114- Today, right and left, as well as the PRI itself, are all separate entities, and have a great deal of reconstruction to do.
1115- Written another way, "Dragolea," the name means "of love" or "the lovely one" - hardly fitting for a man who developed the unlovely habit of lancing his foes on a stake, from which the nickname "Tepes" (the Impaler) was derived.
1116- Returning home from a trip to three Central American allies, Premier Yu Shyi-kun's entourage was forced to transit in Okinawa to escape the effects of Typhoon Aere, inciting a protest from China against Japan's government.
1117- Despite efforts to downplay the significance of the Nuclear Posture Review since its publication, it remains, in my view, extremely provocative and dangerous.
1118- It reminds Asians of the repulsive Japan of the 1930's rather than the attractive Japan of today.
1119- Consumers gain, but some workers lose.
1120- Top military and diplomatic experts desperately warned Bush not to invade Iraq.
1121- But the complexity of the tasks that post-conflict countries face underscores the urgent challenge of providing the UN with the capacity to meet them.
1122- While weak government moved to the fore in the West, postcommunist Eastern Europe was ridding itself of the legacy of strong (ie, communist) governments imposing weak ideas.
1123- Intellectuals complained that too little time and energy was spent on "mastering" the past.
1124- This approach appeals to those who think that the French and Dutch referendums were a rejection of the British liberal economic model.
1125- These were publicly reported and discussed on TV and radio.
1126- No good deed goes unpunished: by making the PC, IBM practically destroyed itself as a company.
1127- The NNPC's executives admit that proper monitoring of the company's operating costs consistently eludes them and that what keeps Shell and the other western oil companies in business is not the theoretical margin, but the returns they build into their costs.
1128- Then came the 1990s, and the Christian Democratic party that largely represented this moderate constituency was wiped out by corruption scandals.
1129- As negotiations proceed in the years ahead, it is in the international community's interest to support Turkey's European future, while making a constructive contribution to end the division of Cyprus, so that the progress we have achieved is not lost.
1130- In the generation after World War II, you could secure a blue-collar unionized manufacturing job or climb to the top of a white collar bureaucracy that offered job security, relatively high salaries, and long, stable career ladders.
1131- We thus need a large and liquid market for longevity risk so that these different groups can creatively share their risks with each other.
1132- Instead of more Madonnas, who in the glare of global publicity saves a lone child's life, Africa needs more Nkhomas: passionate cheerleaders with deep local knowledge and a willingness to stand alongside peasants in the fields in order to grow food for all the other children.
1133- But it is also feeding a patriotic emotion -- a popular longing for the restoration of Russia's imperial status and prestige -- that Putin's regime has shrewdly exploited.
1134- George Perry of the Brookings Institution has developed various scenarios that predict the impact of a serious contraction of oil supplies.
1135- Because Latin American countries enjoy the billions of dollars that their countrymen in the United States send home, they should take note of how many of their benefactors are being treated by American officials.
1136- -2.3
1137- European governments face three choices.
1138- If Iran were interested solely in peaceful uses, the Russian offer or some other plan (such as placing stocks of low enriched uranium in Iran) could meet their needs.
1139- This week, world leaders have an opportunity to steer developments onto a new and more hopeful path when they meet in London to forge a new compact with Afghanistan.
1140- Some integration advocates see a united Europe as a strong partner of the US.
1141- Either Romania, as an EU applicant, complies with these regulations or it must abandon pig breeding on a familiar scale and, as a consequence, increase the share of pork importation.
1142- Some experts, however, dismiss these views as "mental health illiteracy."
1143- So this moment may prove to be the Palestinians' greatest opportunity.
1144- Trade between the two giants has grown from $100 million in 1994 to nearly $14 billion last year, and India's minister of commerce and industry has predicted that it will double by this decade's end.
1145- So why am I moderately optimistic?
1146- In particular, they object to the plan's proposal to give increased powers and responsibilities to the Secretary General, whose selection is effectively in the hands of the Security Council's five permanent members, which wield veto power.
1147- They have not done so, and show no signs of doing so.
1148- This, Egypt fears, would give a boost to its own Islamic radicals, against which the government has long fought.
1149- (far higher than the 5.3% of Japan's supposedly moribund economy).
1150- Furthermore, instead of pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into technical assistance and short-term capacity-building programs, the London conference should strive to help meet the Afghan government's benchmark for equipping young people with the skills and education necessary to lead their nation to a future of peace and prosperity.
1151- Here the voices disappear when the emotional states return to normal.
1152- The verb "to uniqlo-ize" (to cut costs dramatically through Chinese production and eliminating intermediaries) has entered Japan's business vernacular, as in: "Can we uniqlo-ize the housing industry?"
1153- Fortunately, Lithuanians -- as well as Estonians and Latvians -- understood this game.
1154- The Nice conference failed because the EU's national leaders could not, or would not, reach beyond their immediate national interests to take a pan-European perspective.
1155- There is a growing recognition that the values he and his administration reflect are the antithesis of what America has long stood for - the values of an open society, in which differences of view are freely debated within a culture of civility and mutual respect for the rights of all.
1156- Less well known is the fact that cats and dogs are infected by a coronavirus that can also cause disease in pigs.
1157- Yet, this status relies on existing anti-doping rules.
1158- That's not a recipe for sophisticated thinking.
1159- In his masterpiece A Monetary History of the United States, 1867-1960 (written with Anna Schwartz), he famously attributed recessions, including the Great Depression of the 1930's, to a decline in the money supply.
1160- The communist dogma was shattered, but so was the pretense that we were all equals in a homogenous society.
1161- Some observers suggest that this shift will make European monetary policy more prone to the regional biases of national central banks.
1162- Three Cheers for Brazil
1163- The importance of genetic context has been shown in studies of behavioral mutants in fruit flies and mice. The same mutation may have a strong effect in one genetic context but not in another.
1164- So many of these cross into Ecuador to cultivate coca there.
1165- No single country, even the largest economy in the world, can stop the cooperation of others.
1166- Many have read and seen enough to feel acute shame about being part of a nation that could go to war with righteous ideas and end up replicating, if not aggravating, the abuses of the "rogue state" Americans called their enemy.
1167- True, consensus is important, because it provides credibility and legitimacy.
1168- Politics has plagued efforts to agree on a common definition of terrorism at the United Nations.
1169- This was a true parliamentary revolution.
1170- The chant became so tedious that inevitably, the class clown would ask if the incantation would end up turning us all into asthmatics, as Che was.
1171- This solution would not only permit the much-needed administrative reforms to be implemented; it would also bring clarity and transparency to a process that is in great need of improvement.
1172- The loss of public confidence that may result from not acting may be even higher than the cost of governmental regulation -- indeed, this loss recently resulted in billions of dollars of reductions in the value of shares.
1173- For example, refugees leaving Sudan can strain the stability of neighboring Chad.
1174- The Cold War and post-Cold War periods are definitively at an end.
1175- Our enemies have skillfully adapted to fighting wars in the media age, but for the most part we have not."
1176- But they already did, twice. They condoned or even supported American air strikes against Baghdad in December 1998, and they supported or even participated in NATO's air strikes against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in March 1999.
1177- Three commitments are particularly important.
1178- Both Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schroeder have repeatedly pronounced that what happens in Iraq is a strategic challenge to their countries.
1179- Add to it a desire to create a democracy from scratch in a region characterized by authoritarian government and that task becomes almost impossible.
1180- Like all other forms of life, fish stocks change genetically when directional selection is applied.
1181- At the same time, however, Iran knows how costly it would be for the Americans (and perhaps the Israelis) to use force, which reduces the effect of the threat.
1182- Even now, Russia, though undemocratic, is largely free.
1183- Foreign direct investment (FDI) in Vietnam grew by 40% in 2005, led by investors from Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan.
1184- Making a splash matters.
1185- Of course, this does not mean that we should ignore the past altogether.
1186- All of these abuses are raised repeatedly at EU-China summits, to little or no avail.
1187- The second cause at the root of the UN crisis is the fact that the US is no longer interested in observing the old rules of international relations.
1188- The neo-conservatives in Bush's first administration were in that tradition, but ignored the fact that both Wilson and Truman were also institution-builders who consulted other countries.
1189- Just because some "best practice" works in New York, does that mean it will work in Accra, Ghana?
1190- The money allowed Iraq to begin to address security, production, and technology issues throughout its oil system.
1191- Then, about 10,000 years ago, something extraordinary happened.
1192- Female genital mutilation, according to the WHO, consists of the "removal of all or part of the external female genital organs."
1193- Unfortunately, key components of Japan's emerging security strategy remain vague and contradictory.
1194- It is hard to tell whether this is good or bad.
1195- Trade unions agreed to moderate wage claims and abandon wage indexation, in exchange for reduced working time and improved prospects for the future.
1196- They have a centuries-old printed literature, and, above all, they are closely guarded by strong states.
1197- Convincing themselves that reform was unavoidable was one of the major feats of China's leadership under Deng.
1198- It is estimated that most of the UK population was exposed to BSE through diet at this time.
1199- Most young journalists, especially those in radio, have been shocked by the censorship.
1200- With the successive failures of IMF bailouts, the Fund has been looking for alternative strategies for handling crises.
1201- Today, nations that were members of the Soviet Union's Warsaw Pact, as well as some of the former Soviet Republics -- countries that we used to call "captive nations" -- are valued members of NATO and represent some of our most stalwart allies in the War on Terror.
1202- Clearly, the French "yes" did not solve everything.
1203- But that Cold War world is long gone.
1204- But the post-industrial core's economy as a whole will continue to be like an airplane with only one working engine.
1205- Privatization will only make matters worse.
1206- The country's population now numbers less than Pakistan's and is declining by 500,000 people per year, leaving large portions of its vast landmass mostly uninhabited.
1207- But Mexico has recently also shown a sharp decline in population growth rates, as Mexican women opt for more birth control and smaller families.
1208- Australia's central bank has already been raising rates since May 2002, and Great Britain's since November 2003.
1209- The natural context for an inquisitorial system is a field where scientific integrity is regularly under threat because research is entangled with political or financial interests.
1210- But personally, I will also remember my grandmother's sentence "Thank God we lost that war!"
1211- Indeed, growth in the 1990's was little more than half the rate recorded in the pre-reform decades of the 1960's and 1970's.
1212- The global economy did not recover that same level of integration until 1970, and even then it remained divided by the Iron Curtain.
1213- The lesson in the open Kryvorizhstal auction is clear: if a president may not act willfully, arbitrarily, by personal prerogative, then no one may.
1214- The UN is comprised of sovereign states, but it is not sovereign itself and cannot act as if it were.
1215- It may thus appear naive and counterproductive to raise the bar and suggest that we need to go beyond trade and move investment to the top of our priority list.
1216- As though it were second nature in French culture, the director presented Shylock's attempt to collect his pound of flesh by recalling the image of the crucifixion.
1217- Japan adopted a similar stance.
1218- China's development in recent years has been magnificent.
1219- The second hurdle stems from the fact that Cambodia's tribunal will be the first internationalized court in which domestic judges form a majority.
1220- The crisis now unfolding raises broad issues concerning democracy and science, the relationship between risk and benefit, and the conflict between imperatives of trade and health.
1221- With their distribution power and detailed knowledge of the market, multinational companies' influence could surely be leveraged to address many development problems, regardless of a country's political or economic legacy.
1222- It also assumed that if the difference between the national inflation rate and the euro-area average exceeded a certain threshold in the month prior to a monetary policy meeting, the Governing Council member would vote in a particular fashion.
1223- In the past, the Geneva Convention prescribed how regular prisoners of war and members of irregular military forces should be treated when apprehended: they are not to be dealt with as criminals.
1224- At around $30 a barrel, oil prices are remaining high even though a soft global economy means that world demand is low.
1225- After World War II, Turkey was a recipient of Marshall Plan aid, joined the Council of Europe in 1949, joined NATO in 1952, became an associate member of the European Union in 1964, applied for membership in the European Community in 1987, and completed a customs union with Europe in 1995.
1226- The recent, much weaker, performance of the Dutch economy is largely explained by strong wage increases, which undermined competitiveness and contributed to job extinction.
1227- I believe that such a swing is necessary.
1228- We have seen ethnic wars and wars fought to make governments stop killing their citizens.
1229- Eastern European cultures were more similar to Western cultures than are Muslim cultures.
1230- The American President's designation of two Britons to be among the first six of 680 prisoners held at the US base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba to face a military trial has been condemned across the political spectrum in the United Kingdom.
1231- Because of higher oil prices, for example, America's spending on oil imports has increased by roughly $50 billion a year -- money that otherwise would have been spent mostly on goods made in America.
1232- Cuba bears a heavy economic burden today not only as a result of its own internal economic mistakes but also because of the barriers to trade and investment imposed by the US since the 1960's.
1233- Governments who allow their political muscles to atrophy cannot cope with such issues.
1234- Canada's government has been more willing to approach North American issues on a bilateral basis than in a tri-national context; furthermore, Canadians are preoccupied with the consequences and aftermath of SARS and mad cow disease, as well as anticipating a new government next year.
1235- Furthermore, the European Border Agency will become operational in 2005.
1236- This twin deficit has taken a severe toll on foreigners' confidence in the fundamental health of the US economy--and hence on the external value of the dollar.
1237- Real interest rates may rise, as America borrows more and more.
1238- However irrational, this is a powerful idea.
1239- Tudjman forged an authoritarian regime that blurred the distinctions between HDZ and state agencies, in particular the army and police.
1240- But it may be a mistake to assume that central bankers in Frankfurt lack regional or national bias.
1241- With Kyoto, the world will spend $150 billion a year on doing little good a century from now.
1242- Waterfowl commonly spread influenza viruses to chickens, although the outcome usually is not serious.
1243- Is not freedom enough?
1244- Of course, not everyone in Europe can be expected to be equally enthusiastic about a stronger euro.
1245- The youngsters who are ravaging France realize that they don't have a future.
1246- Within Taiwan, the debate over constitutional reform has led to disturbing developments.
1247- Vampire panic seized the European public repeatedly in the eighteenth century.
1248- Lula should look to Europe for examples of how to achieve high rates of growth and job creation yet maintain social protection.
1249- Washington believes anti-drug policies will fail, to the benefit of drug dealers, if coca growers continue to identify themselves with nationalists who vindicate the leaf's production.
1250- Defining the church‑state system and its principal features is a right of the citizens of each EU member state.
1251- But even there, the market for vacation homes remains hot in places like Karuizawa, Lake Kawaguchi, and Hakone.
1252- To many of us, the world may seem like an old place.
1253- Neutral foreign observers should be asked to be deployed in major hot spots and be asked to identify anyone on either side who violates any of the agreement's clauses.
1254- Other restrictions of free speech have more recent triggers.
1255- A politically incorrect but rational strategy would be for rich countries to devote resources to developing countries primarily for surveillance.
1256- 0.8
1257- Dozens are still on the run, but hope remains that they, too, will face justice.
1258- Improved central bank policy is another huge factor.
1259- But if it happens, it will not result from grassroots democratic experiments in towns and villages; rather, it will be an elite-driven transition, careful to preserve the government's control.
1260- Those disagreements are not only about Israel, or US tariffs on steel imports from the EU, or the possibility of American courts imposing the death penalty on suspected terrorists who carry European passports; they increasingly embody a fundamentally different vision about how the world should work.
1261- Where it suits American interests, international institutions are happily used, and they usually serve European interests.
1262- We should insist that Egypt or Pakistan improve their market system, apply the rule of law, and open their economies to international trade and capital movements.
1263- (There is no way of really knowing just how corrupt left-wing regimes in Cuba, Nicaragua, or Venezuela truly were, or are.)
1264- China's rising trade surplus has led some observers to call for a revaluation of the renminbi to correct what they see as an unfair competitive advantage that China maintains in international markets.
1265- Many would argue -- correctly -- that sovereignty provides no protection for that state.
1266- Monitoring of monetary (and credit) targets would still be important in achieving the inflation objective.
1267- The candidate countries are caught between a rock and a hard place.
1268- Is it more personal, an act of vengeance by a son against the man who attempted to assassinate his father?
1269- Islam Hadhari tries to project the idea that UMNO's materialism and nationalism do not contradict Islam.
1270- And if there were assemblers, they would face the same limitation as the bacteria with which we started our story: they can't travel long distances without hitching a ride, and would simply run out of raw material.
1271- Next week's Commonwealth heads of government summit in Nigeria is a make or break moment for the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), the initiative designed by Africans to modernize Africa's governments and economies.
1272- Until the late 1800's, most of Africa was unexplored and occupied by hunter-gatherers and practitioners of subsistence agriculture.
1273- Let the holdouts undermine his personal credibility and that of the bank?
1274- Local officials remain involved in running listed firms, and while regulatory institutions remain weak, asset stripping on the part of managers and owners is extensive.
1275- The lesson is clear: even high-class businesses are only as professional as the existing institutional infrastructure permits them to be.
1276- They dislike the business leaders who take home huge sums even when they fail, and they hate to see poor and excluded people in their midst.
1277- Little did they appreciate that American voters, having never actually supported spending cuts, would resist.
1278- The silver lining in an amicable break-up of the trade talks is that it would give negotiators a chance to focus on issues that are of much greater significance to developing nations.
1279- Meanwhile, the Hijazis, who originate in Mecca and Medina, hold long-repressed resentments due to their humiliating partial inclusion in Saudi politics.
1280- It built on the Friedman-Hayek conception of rolling back the social-democratic welfare state, but added a new set of ideas to the rudimentary state that remained--a state imbued solely with what Joseph Nye called "hard power."
1281- Violence born from such sources is difficult to fight.
1282- Such organizations remain important, but the reduced cost of communication in the Internet era has opened the field to loosely structured network organizations with little headquarters staff and even to individuals.
1283- If we persevere on our current course, the situation will continue to deteriorate.
1284- Moreover, both benefits and harms of all trials must be published within a reasonable timeframe, and properly designed, non-industry-funded trials are needed to confirm both safety and efficacy.
1285- Indeed, privatization was all the more bizarre as a policy choice because it was doomed in advance: investors clearly would not be attracted to buy assets where property rights might change once a legitimate Iraqi government took over -- a huge impediment to investment in Kosovo as well.
1286- Will it be the legal immigration of easily assimilated people from Central and Eastern Europe, or illegal immigration from the Maghreb?
1287- Other Muslim states seem to grasp this: recently, a Turk was chosen for the first time and by a majority vote to be Secretary General of the Organization of Islamic Countries.
1288- But the inherent value is immeasurable: the ability to grasp who we are, where we came from, and what genes we humans have in common with the rest of the living world.
1289- As a result, they lose their ability over time to evaluate critically their own actions and errors.
1290- But Turkey will not sit idly on Europe's doorstep.
1291- But Germany also swamped world's markets with mass consumption goods: cheaper musical instruments than the traditional makers in France or Italy could produce, and lithographic prints used for Christmas cards and seaside postcards.
1292- In the words of NATO Secretary General Lord Robertson, the EU and NATO are "two halves of the same walnut."
1293- But recipient countries must complement donor efforts, and continue to do their part as well, by maintaining a track record of reform and sound macroeconomic policies, and by making the best possible use of the higher levels of assistance.
1294- Will a war against Iraq help the US in its fight against terrorists, or will it make Americans more vulnerable?
1295- There must be a stop to this zero-sum game and a return to a sane policy based on reason, reciprocity, and compromise.
1296- Mexico's President Vincente Fox will govern through 2006.
1297- At a time when voter apathy and corruption are commonplace across Latin America, Brazilians demonstrated that politics can be relevant and exciting.
1298- In each country, China is nurturing special military and commercial relations intended to promote loyalty to Chinese interests.
1299- So confrontation with the West (even if only rhetorical) is a form of job protection by other means.
1300- In fact, Bush played right into the hands of Osama bin Laden.
1301- In the end, Chancellor Schroder was given a fig leaf to hide his embarrassment in the form of the present managing director, Horst Kohler, whose main qualification for the job is being German, unlike his two predecessors De Larosiere and Camdessus, who were distinguished French inspecteusr de finances, i.e. they belonged to the cream of cream in the bureaucratic elite of France.
1302- Despite nationalist parties' success in France, the same is true of the setback for President Jacques Chirac's centre-right party.
1303- As a result Russia now confronts a situation in which the election of the president is the only political issue.
1304- By declaring war on terror, Bush united the country behind him.
1305- An example of recent progress illustrates what I mean.
1306- The "reformist" bloc will be replaced by Rodina (Motherland), a new patriotic alliance that was created to take votes away from the Communists, and received 9.1% of the vote.
1307- Uribe's victory, and the emerging political consensus that it reflects, was remarkable for its peacefulness, in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when he won the presidency four years ago.
1308- But, while the G-7 countries, which dominate voting at the Bank, all declare their commitment to democracy and good governance -- and espouse promoting them as one of their central objectives -- there is a yawning gap between what they preach and what they practice.
1309- I am writing this in New York in early August, when the mayor declared a "heat emergency" to prevent widespread electricity outages from the expected high use of air conditioners.
1310- Second, who is in charge?
1311- Both projects are audacious.
1312- Forgotten what that treaty is all about?
1313- Neither the Japanese government's responsibility for initiating and continuing the war nor the inhumane treatment that prisoners of war or the subject civilian populations suffered under Japanese rule are adequately acknowledged.
1314- Nothing is more likely to strengthen nationalism and turn it to violence than a sense that one's own homeland is being exploited-kept poor and powerless-by other nations to satisfy their own selfish interests.
1315- It needs little care and brings a secure income.
1316- The US embraced the Shah of Iran, and got the Iranian Revolution. The US embraced, and later toppled, Saddam Hussein, inciting chaos, with an unintended boost for Iran.
1317- No one has any idea how to run a Union of 25 or more member states--not even in terms of basic logistics, starting with the geometric escalation in translation requirements.
1318- The incoming Democratic US Congress has signaled that free trade deals with Peru and Columbia need to be "renegotiated."
1319- Transparency International produces an annual ranking of "corruption perceptions," measuring the public's view of the extent of corruption in a country.
1320- But if you succeed, this will change not only your life but also the lives of many of your people."
1321- Milosevic's Trial Was Not in Vain
1322- In August 2001, President George W. Bush told Americans that he worried about "a culture that devalues life," and that he believed that, as President of the United States, he has "an important obligation to foster and encourage respect for life in America and throughout the world."
1323- In this crisis, the stakes are high, which is why Germany, the UK, and France began negotiations with Iran two years ago with the goal of persuading Iran to abandon its efforts to close the nuclear fuel cycle.
1324- · even before a takeover occurs, managers were supposed to be disciplined by fears of a revolt by their boards of directors, especially when the directors think that the company might be become a target of a hostile takeover;
1325- Changes can always be proposed after a decent interval passes.
1326- A great deal of attention has been paid to the stratagems of John Bolton, the fiercely anti-UN diplomat whom President Bush recently appointed US ambassador to the UN, and rightly so.
1327- It should give member states the chance to develop an approach to Europe that suits their national traditions, within the EU framework.
1328- In its recent decision in Hamdan v. Rumsfeld , the US Supreme Court said "no": Bush's exercise of executive power went too far.
1329- This crisis, too, can be a stepping-stone for a long-term political solution involving all parties in the Middle East.
1330- We were among nine Nigerians staying there.
1331- The recent decision to fine Ryanair, Europe's main budget airline, for its arrangement with local officials in using Charleroi as its main airport in Belgium, is another example of an unfortunate decision that could undermine the Commission's reputation.
1332- The consumption-based economy, to which the capitalist West had apparently succumbed, was written off as a paper tiger.
1333- Indeed, one lesson of the efforts since 2001 is that there is no way to avoid broad cooperation.
1334- Last week, Chirac decided to raise the stakes in the European crisis by going on the offensive against Britain.
1335- Yet, despite these robust changes, poverty remains widespread, inequality abysmal, and social resentment is on the rise.
1336- In 1971, Philip Handler, then the president of the US National Academy of Science, called DDT is "the greatest chemical that has ever been discovered."
1337- Holland's problems were mainly structural, although a cyclical economic downturn made matters worse.
1338- In the 20
1339- But we placed amateurs in charge of dealing with Ukraine -- amateurs with far-reaching commercial interests.
1340- Liberia and Iraq both demonstrate the need for this kind of freestanding capacity, as 21st century geopolitics is likely to continue to be more preoccupied with nation-building intervention in the aftermath of conflict than with wars between states.
1341- But there are holes in this case.
1342- But matters within Euroland may also worsen: the Stability Pact, with its de facto separate rules for large and small countries, will almost certainly be replaced.
1343- Yet democracy has absolutely nothing to do with American policy in Central Asia, where US oil companies and diplomats trip over each other promoting deals in despotic Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.
1344- In fact, the pressures only added to the station's popularity among Arab viewers.
1345- As Justice Stevens wrote, "The crime of ‘conspiracy' . . . does not appear in either the Geneva Conventions or the Hague Conventions -- the major treaties on the law of war."
1346- Too often in the past, development banks developed a lending culture in which success was judged by loan growth, not poverty reduction.
1347- Gore's film would give the Europeans, always in danger of being marginalized at these meetings, the chance to boast about how they, unlike the Americans and Russians, are already doing their part by heavily taxing gas consumption.
1348- George Soros can bet on a run on the British pound.
1349- Such people are dying not because early death is inevitable, but because they cannot afford the medicines to keep themselves alive.
1350- As well as happily receiving requests from individual social, political or military representatives within the target areas, the USAID-sponsored program invited NGOs to submit their own proposals.
1351- Sometimes I think of myself as an expert in comparative occupation studies.
1352- Of course, the Administration never puts it that way; with an energy policy forged by the oil companies, Archer Daniels Midland and other ethanol producers are just playing along in a corrupt system of campaign-contributions-for-subsidies.
1353- Mounting authoritarianism in Russia and Ukraine's Orange Revolution seem to have ended the honeymoon the two men had enjoyed.
1354- Nigeria's role in providing a safe haven for Taylor is peculiar.
1355- The right way to do this would be to work with a population where everybody is anonymous.
1356- But Schröder was elected because he promised to be more dynamic than Kohl.
1357- Nepal's 15-year experiment with democracy now seems over.
1358- Without monetary policy, fiscal policy or supply side reforms, how else can Japan return to growth except by a depreciation-driven export boom?
1359- That would represent an extra 3-4 million barrels per day on top of today's production, or roughly $30-40 billion per year--enough not only to restore basic services, but to achieve big improvements in living standards and economic growth in the medium term.
1360- The accompanying intellectual debate, inaugurated by the philosophers Jürgen Habermas and Jacques Derrida, defined the nature of European identity, above all, against the foil of the United States, but also in terms of the challenges posed by globalization.
1361- "How could this happen here?" was the question more pertinently asked in Great Britain recently, as its universities witnessed the unfolding of an all-too-real and perplexing action.
1362- Building a novel bridge, especially in the wake of a spectacular failure, forces engineers to think from scratch and also to think more deeply and critically.
1363- WMD's in Saddam's possession were but one in a sequence of arguments.
1364- In 2006, the euro-zone economies may have grown by 2.7% on average, and should grow by 2.2% in 2007.
1365- This year, or next year, it may at last become clear that the gulf between federalists and nationalists is too deep to be bridged.
1366- It has now joined the growing list of the world's failed states and can at best be described as a potential federation of three states plus the unruly city of Baghdad.
1367- The notion of specific &quot;Chavist&quot; growth can also be challenged.
1368- Similar policies need to be adopted by a greater number of countries to enable them to address their energy challenges in a more effective way.
1369- In the US, a wise constitutional amendment forces even popular presidents to retire after two terms.
1370- Similarly, transparency would be encouraged if only payments that are fully documented were tax deductible.
1371- In Venezuela, keeping his former comrades in arms happy is obviously a concern for Chávez.
1372- The rhetoric applied to Israel becomes ever more extreme, and conducive to hatred.
1373- But a majority of Muslim scholars, including such eminent men as the Sheikh of Al Azhar in Cairo and the influential Qatar-based Sheikh Qaradawi, believe that Islam is compatible with democracy, at least as they define it: respect for the rule of law, equality between citizens, a fair distribution of wealth, justice, and freedom of expression and assembly.
1374- Why do International Human Rights Conventions stipulate that the law should prohibit speech that supports national, racial, or religious hatred?
1375- As global environmental problems frequently create additional stresses on the local resource bases of the world's poorest people, GNP growth in rich countries can fuel downward pressure on the wealth of the poor.
1376- Political leaders should also seek to stabilize defense budgets by creating separate funds for unforeseen multilateral peacekeeping operations, like the Balkans and Afghanistan, and by putting defense planning on a multi-year rather than an annual cycle.
1377- The debt burden destroyed consumer confidence and undermined the banking system, crippling the economy.
1378- We know that basic education should be a free public good.
1379- Like Japan, the Bush administration's relatively moderate stance toward North Korea has changed since the talks broke down last year.
1380- Of course, the US government does its share, too, and more.
1381- Everything indicates that this will be enough for Lula to win re-election.
1382- When containment has been abandoned, America has paid a high price.
1383- But everything Kuchma's cabal says mocks the truth. For as Kuchma's government mouths its platitudes, its cronies loot the national patrimony, handing it over to family and friends while they desecrate, plunder and sell the nation's independence to the highest bidder.
1384- As in other parts of the world, culture in these countries has shown its vibrancy and also its capacity to adjust to changing conditions.
1385- The Cyprus problem has reached a critical turning point, following a peace proposal put on the table by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan with a deadline impending at the end of February.
1386- As the latest round of enlargement proves, the EU is very effective at molding the governance and behavior of would-be members.
1387- Throughout the 20
1388- But it is deeds that matter.
1389- France does have affirmative action programs, but they address poverty, not ethnicity.
1390- Bush bears much responsibility for this.
1391- Together, the conventions and protocols form what is misleadingly called international humanitarian law (IHL), but which in fact regulate war--seeking to limit its effects, regardless of the rights and wrongs involved, and to restrict its methods, even in battles undertaken in a just cause.
1392- Moreover, the country recently witnessed a spate of environmental accidents.
1393- In the Middle East, the Iraq war is widely interpreted as a war for US control of Persian Gulf oil -- a rather plausible view given what we know about the war's true origins.
1394- These structural changes have put most Latin American economies on a sound footing, reducing their vulnerability to external shocks, such as deceleration in world economic growth, higher international interest rates, and lower commodity prices.
1395- The report is critical of the organization's performance on genocide in Bosnia, Rwanda, and Darfur, as well as the late response to HIV/AIDS.
1396- Although Madonna has said that she will bring him back to Malawi to see his father again, he will scarcely be able to feel at home there.
1397- Few rich countries do better than the US.
1398- The Constitution consigns these complexities to history.
1399- All of this brings to mind one of the great Spanish director Luis Buñuel's late films.
1400- Clumsy and amateurish, the dilettante's actions harm the interests he aims to advance.
1401- This is a difficult task, given that some of our systems have been in place for many years, often entrenched in law.
1402- Whether someone is charismatic or not, voters want a figurehead, and preferably one with celebrity value.
1403- The first condition is a settled territorial arrangement.
1404- A new constitution, backed by a national referendum, is part of this drive to reshape Taiwan's identity and distinguish the new generation of politicians from those who arrived as exiles from the mainland.
1405- In 2001, workers from low- and middle-income countries sent home a staggering $43 billion--more than double the level of a decade earlier and $5 billion more than that year's total official foreign aid to these countries.
1406- If historical truth is not restored, the lessons cannot be learned.
1407- Suddenly, he has reduced himself to KGB President, jeopardizing the very political stability he sought to guarantee.
1408- As a sweetener, Japan was offered £5 million.
1409- However, in late December 2004, the national election tribunal, sitting in Abuja, the capital, ruled that while the election had been free and fair in most parts of the country, the number of votes was larger than the population in Ogun, the President's home state.
1410- Non-believers often have as strong and sound a sense of right and wrong as anyone, and have worked to abolish slavery and contributed to other efforts to alleviate human suffering.
1411- Japan's decline has been palpable.
1412- Even without reforms, they will be able to afford a civilized form of life for many years to come.
1413- Perhaps this is just politics in the era of modern media.
1414- An active search is on for new models.
1415- In the world-circus the poet looks like an Augustus the Fool, ill-equipped for everyday life in which his fellow men offer and receive their share of edible reality.
1416- Those elections would have been unthinkable in Nazi Germany.
1417- Homophobia serves not only to discriminate against homosexuals, but to keep everybody--men and women, gay and straight alike--firmly in their place.
1418- At the same time, as the British have shown, groups like al-Qaeda are best dealt with by good intelligence.
1419- While such interventions by governments, non-government groups and international agencies have helped, the time has now come to scale up the effort.
1420- US policy was (and remains) aimed primarily at the "war on drugs," to be fought mainly by Colombians themselves.
1421- But Putin's interventions in the UN Security Council over Iraq have been far more moderate than, say, those of France and Germany, two of America's historic allies. This is so even though Russia has vital national interests to protect in Iraq, including real fears about regional instability spreading into Russia's south, with its millions of Muslim citizens.
1422- In the early 1990's, the Fed, and many others, thought that the NAIRU was around 6%-6.2%.
1423- In my 2003 book The New Financial Order, I proposed that such units be called "baskets," since a consumer price index is the price of a representative market basket of goods and services.
1424- Thus, perestroika took place in a void.
1425- But even bigger problems -- housing and street crime -- also existed, so nothing was done about them.
1426- Or is the system simply that of a conniving authoritarian?
1427- The summit will bring home to even the greatest skeptics that when it comes to managing our long-term security, there is no alternative to Europe and North America acting together. Tackling Terrorism: The events of September 11
1428- If this meant that the Tribunal was intended to deter further violence, then it failed, at least in the short run.
1429- Indeed, among the World Bank's six "Governance Indicators," China's score on the "Rule of Law" index has also slid in recent years, from -0.28 in 1998 to -0.47 in 2005, when China ranked 124th out of 208 countries in this category.
1430- The Chechens hope that adopting a constitution, followed by the election of a Chechen president, will spare them the horrors of purge and arrests that would invariably have followed had either side secured a military victory.
1431- The last factor is the desperately low rate of saving that is endemic in the Americas.
1432- In other words, the current crisis reflects a deeper, constitutional flaw.
1433- America's economy remains on the brink of a double dip recession, the dollar is weak, and Wall Street seems unable to recover.
1434- Indeed, he even angered the United States, Taiwan's only military protector, by his frequent confrontational tactics, such as pushing Taiwan towards independence, which runs counter to America's longstanding "One-China" policy.
1435- The large numbers of human subjects in research are an outgrowth of the legitimate need for more and better health care throughout our ever-lengthening lifespans.
1436- Bringing in Britain is an admission of that fact.
1437- Just like we meant it when we cheered Nicolae Ceausescu - both when he spoke and when he was executed. We are good at cheering.
1438- As a lawyer and legislator since 1989, she enjoys a privileged role in developing the strategies of her husband's government.
1439- Democracy is increasingly seen as a mere ritual.
1440- The Privatization of War
1441- Remember, these are the type of people who once thought that selling dog food over the internet was a brilliant business strategy, and that by 2010 Qualcomm would be able to sell two mobile phones a year to everyone in the northern hemisphere.
1442- Although the postwar population boom and heavy regulation meant that real estate prices in many countries went up more often than down, a sudden collapse of the property market--such as happened in Japan a decade ago--may dramatically reduce the value of most people's savings.
1443- Moreover, in recent years, Latin American economies have gone through important economic transformations that have increased their resilience.
1444- The ECB is accelerating the pace of normalization at precisely the right moment. The danger is that it will be blamed if European growth falters.
1445- For Brazil to play a bigger role as regional economic leader, greater cooperation with its neighbors in suitable infrastructure projects and expanded markets will be needed.
1446- This was all the more relevant to the extent that Pope John Paul II is not enamored with the United States.
1447- But they don't question long hours and dire working conditions.
1448- Multi-national advertisers who covet the huge Saudi market were informed in no uncertain terms that they would lose hefty contracts if they advertised on Al Jazeera.
1449- These fears incite anger and xenophobia, even though everyone knows that globalization cannot be conquered by kicking out foreigners.
1450- All of the factors that we identified are less influential for facts, procedures, and narratives.
1451- America must decide the size of its public health programs and how to finance them.
1452- Hal had to work longer hours than ever before, and he still had to sharply cut back on household expenditures across the board.
1453- Ukrainians have endured the worst that man can do to his fellow man: Stalin's orchestrated famines of the 1930's and the Nazi slaughterhouse of World War II.
1454- Civic groups and the court will need to develop creative outreach strategies to target the predominantly rural population to ensure that all Cambodians have the opportunity to understand these proceedings.
1455- France is blocking the acquisition of French utilities by the Italian electricity company Enel. Together with other European governments, France is also agitating against the takeover of the Luxembourg-based steel company Arcelor by a Netherlands company largely controlled by an Indian steel magnate.
1456- Royal's chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters, and her lack of direct association with the party's leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes.
1457- Phrases like "apartheid state" and "Zionism is racism," unthinkable in liberal discourse a few years ago, have become routine.
1458- In fact, America has been eager for some time to ``establish order'' in the world and modernize particularly troublesome regimes in highly strategic regions of the world.
1459- The evening proceeded along the expected anodyne trajectory until a Lebanese academic raised the issue of the right of Palestinian refugees to return to Israel.
1460- But for reform to succeed, a little old-fashioned solidarity extended Eastwards now is the best way to ensure the commitment of the EU's newest members to European integration.
1461- This requires jobs to be rewarding in more than pecuniary ways - enlisting the minds of employees, engaging them in problem solving, leading them to discover some of their talents and expanding their abilities.
1462- However, protocols and political treaties are not sufficient to boost integration.
1463- As people at last began to hope for more liberal and decent societies, the US continued to endorse the regimes that were repressing them.
1464- To Serbia's credit, the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget, but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars.
1465- To a large extent, they are shared by followers of former President Jorge Quiroga and Samuel Doria Medina as well.
1466- Confidence in the IMF was at an all time low. It had badly mismanaged the East Asian crisis, the Russian crisis, and the Brazilian crisis.
1467- If the thought of Dracula and vampires makes us shiver, then the vampire myth still fulfills its functions for us: as a projection of our fears and uncertainties, sexual desires, group and personal animosities, and longing for the dissolution of the structure of society.
1468- But how can the benefits of a global patent system that provides incentives for innovation and new discoveries be combined with an assurance that poor people gain access to the medical care that they desperately need?
1469- Israel, after all, is a "reliable enemy" for Saudi Arabia, having destroyed Nasser's Egyptian army in 1967 -- a time when the Saudis were fighting Egypt by proxy in Yemen.
1470- The reason for this concentration at the top is obvious: the richest clubs are now able to attract the best players in the world.
1471- So, as global economic growth continues, and as household incomes rise in today's most populous emerging countries, demand -- and thus prices -- for vacation homes in beautiful places, either at home or abroad, will most likely soar.
1472- Chen can remain in office until his term ends in 2008, or he could resign now in order to let his vice president and pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) rebuild to win the next election.
1473- So the disappointed and disaffected search for an Islam that meets their expectations.
1474- Western Germany's occupation forces not only set an example of how this vision could be achieved, but found the right people and the right institutions to bring about reconstruction and progress.
1475- But what type?
1476- There is also an American proposal to allow the Badr Brigade -- a wing of the Palestine Liberation Army that is currently stationed in Jordan -- to relocate to the Palestinian territories as Abbas's rapid reaction force in Gaza in anticipation of a feared civil war.
1477- The comparison between the late 1990's and early 2000's in America and in Western Europe compels us to reflect on how fragile the underlying institutional mechanisms needed to support rapid economic growth truly are. Western Europe and the US are both post-industrial democracies.
1478- In this area, as in many others, Europe can lead by example and offer an alternative to American (and French) constitutional separationism. It can be a living illustration that religion is no longer afraid of democracy and that democracy is no longer afraid of religion.
1479- The crises that erupted later that year undermined confidence in the IMF and led to discussions about "reforming the global financial architecture."
1480- With short-term interest rates locked at zero, pressure for further appreciation would leave the PBC helpless to re-expand the economy.
1481- Outsiders must remind America that its pension system is a ticking time bomb that must be defused.
1482- It would thus appear that there is nothing wrong with China continuing to buy new equipment, build new factories, and construct new roads and bridges as fast as its can.
1483- Some believe that China cannot rise peacefully, and will seek hegemony in East Asia, leading to conflict with the United States and Japan.
1484- He declared in London recently that "the credibility of the UN depends on a willingness to keep its word and to act when action is required."
1485- Following Chile's example, governments also could redefine the tax system in terms of the units of account rather than currency.
1486- Other developed nations with emissions close to those of the US include Australia, Canada, and Luxembourg.
1487- Even before Arafat's death, Abbas argued that the use of force by militants weakens the Palestinian negotiating position.
1488- As a starting point, the RCB should be charged with projecting inflation, formulate policies to stabilize prices, and either implement those polices or explain why it cannot and who could do so.
1489- In fact, sometimes the second generation cultivates its difference from the mainstream culture more aggressively than the original immigrants.
1490- But in the end, the effectiveness of our advice hinges on countries' willingness to act on our recommendations.
1491- Every hill will become strategic, and every gully will become historic. They will be fought for, and bloodshed is not hard to imagine.
1492- They take care of the household and children themselves.
1493- Then the carcass is singed on a fire and cut into pieces according to the different cuts of meat.
1494- Post-election talk abounds about higher wealth taxes, business taxes, and an increase in value-added tax--precisely the opposite of what Germany's economy needs.
1495- An explicit remedy is to raise revenues through higher contributions, increased labor force participation, stronger productivity growth, or larger transfers from general tax revenue.
1496- It is a legitimate point, but if ocean levels start rising, as the Stern Report predicts, a lot of our children will be swimming to work some day.
1497- In short, there are psychological and moral failures at all levels -- individuals, firms, unions, insurance companies, and governments.
1498- Many people in the candidate countries have long been convinced that their countries won't be admitted to the EU as equals.
1499- But such energy and commitment is utterly lacking where Berlusconi's wider reform agenda is concerned.
1500- European governments know this.
1501- Today, migrants and their families often pay 10% or more of the remittances in fees to financial institutions that transfer funds and exchange currencies.
1502- True, Ukrainians rightly feel like citizens of a normal, independent country, and want to be treated that way.
1503- However, whichever administration governs Iraq in the future must be prepared to face up to an environmental debt--the cost of restoring what can be restored--that will be a substantial liability for years to come.
1504- For the world's democracies, there is no greater or more important task.
1505- But the problem won't go away.
1506- I prefer the term "Roma."
1507- In the panel's words, the UN was created above all "to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war," but today the biggest security threats we face "go far beyond states waging aggressive war.
1508- &quot;No,&quot; said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow, newly appointed as one of George W. Bush's closest aides, his Press Secretary, when asked recently about his retirement savings.
1509- The goal should be to redefine sovereignty for the era of globalization, to find a balance between a world of fully sovereign states and an international system of either world government or anarchy.
1510- We have learned the hard way that closed political systems breed resentment and extremism aimed against the interests of America, the West, and, indeed, the entire world.
1511- We would train people to go around examining these mice and diagnose high blood pressure, diabetes, greed, and so forth.
1512- By the end of the century, Japan's remarkable performance not only made the Japanese wealthy, but also enhanced the country's soft power.
1513- Since then, the deficit has widened dramatically, to 2.7% of GDP in 1999, 3.5% in 2001, and an estimated 4.7% this year.
1514- Over a trillion barrels of reserves have been proven, and more are likely to be found.
1515- These are all feasible targets; if they are met, then Brazil's government debt will be a stable 60% of GDP.
1516- Software prevents users from posting politically sensitive words, and provocative content that gets past the automated controls is frequently removed.
1517- Many studies, including those that I did for the World Health Organization, show that for a modest amount of money worldwide, perhaps an extra $50 - $100 billion per year in aid from rich countries, the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved.
1518- Putin cultivated Kim when other leaders neglected him.
1519- The US and Europe should insist OPEC avoid any disruptions in oil supplies or pricing.
1520- While each has different motives, none of the causes they espouse justify their acts.
1521- Today, this seems to be the major dividing line between Islam and the West, because many Muslims reject the secular state.
1522- While trade produces frictions in democracies, it also enhances wealth.
1523- Last year, a US Department of Defense report noted that China's defense expenditures appear to be much higher than acknowledged by the Chinese government.
1524- The EU directive does not regulate social and behavioral research while the US. does not regulate research that is privately funded and not related to drug licensing.
1525- More than 70% of such companies were unprofitable and were propped up by government subsidy.
1526- If not made mandatory, insurance must at least be promoted effectively.
1527- Admittedly, Brazil may soon elect a president that global financial markets do not like; but if international financial markets take precedence over democratic choice, the system is undoubtedly flawed.
1528- But Germany has also lost much, including the many US troops who will now reportedly be re-deployed to bases in other countries.
1529- But in the 1950s and 1960s, before the introduction of generous child allowances to large families, fertility rates among the same group were significantly lower--just three children per woman.
1530- The federal court ruled that under the Geneva Conventions, Hamdan, as a prisoner of war, was entitled to a court hearing that followed the same procedures as one judging soldiers of the detaining power, that is, an American court martial.
1531- There are, of course, other amusing anecdotes. What is not amusing is the end result: the poppy eradication program achieved the opposite to what was intended.
1532- The debate over therapeutic cloning is, of course, hardly limited to the US and Italy.
1533- She is far from being a weak contender, and she is a fast learner with a strong campaign team.
1534- At the same time, giving up sovereignty for the sake of integration is tough for the new members from Eastern Europe that only a decade ago wrested the right to govern themselves from Soviet control.
1535- Germany certainly became assertive, owing mostly to the social pressures and tensions incited by rapid economic growth.
1536- In England, prescriptions of anti-depressants now match Valium at its peak in 1979.
1537- Is Democracy Possible in the Arab World?
1538- Georgia simply does not, and cannot, collect sufficient taxes to do the job itself.
1539- Such instances indicate that an attitudinal change on the part of political leaders towards a more market-oriented, private-sector-friendly policy framework often plays as large a role in boosting economic growth as the scope of actual institutional reform.
1540- Indeed, one of the more striking features of the tsunami disaster was that it caught some of the most glamorous vacation resorts completely unprepared.
1541- The answer is that the underlying trend of productivity growth in the American economy continues to be exceptionally positive.
1542- He tried to make a profit in microfinance in order to prove these neglected people's creditworthiness, so that he could continue lending to them.
1543- None of the Middle East's problems has a military solution, and none can be solved through unilateral action.
1544- Last weekend's announcement that Iraqi lawmakers have finally formed a unity government is welcome news, both for Iraq and for George W. Bush and Tony Blair.
1545- These words were echoed on the eve of the introduction of the single currency.
1546- Every developed country learned this lesson domestically decades ago, but the world has yet to learn it internationally.
1547- Terror is a shadowy enemy.
1548- In response, the government has urged managers to publish their incomes and abolished the bank secrecy laws that were once considered sacrosanct.
1549- More intensive use of Africa's energy resources will necessarily be a critical component of any realistic development strategy.
1550- But I cannot (and do not) then complain if my income does not grow faster and faster.
1551- So by the time Italy's six-month presidency of the EU concludes, the rude reception Berlusconi received at the European Parliament may find an echo at home.
1552- The benefits of such growth for present regional EU members will more than outweigh the direct budget costs linked to enlargement.
1553- In order to ensure a credible process, Cambodia and the UN must select judges of the highest caliber, not those that toe a party line.
1554- The process does not constitute a unified, reasoned debate so much as an ongoing political auction in which special interests seek votes for the policy change that will benefit them.
1555- So unity is needed to rebuild Africa.
1556- So a country where labor productivity is low will become an attractive location for foreign direct investment, and the resulting increase in the capital-labor ratio will raise productivity.
1557- It turns out that the German Army Chief of Staff Helmuth von Moltke was eager for war in the summer of 1914.
1558- In fact, there is evidence that this is now happening.
1559- The good news for those who desire stability and democracy in Iraq is that an amorphous, disorganized, and nihilistic insurgency cannot "win" in the traditional sense of replacing the government and forming a new regime.
1560- Rivero and journalist Oscar Espinosa Chepe, 62, are both ill, their families tell visitors.
1561- Similarly, after the abuses of Iraqi detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison were disclosed, the views of Amnesty International and the International Committee of the Red Cross put pressure on the Bush administration both at home and abroad.
1562- Yet, when it comes to protecting this global treasure, these countries are expected to shoulder the burden by themselves.
1563- Would things be the same if the bill were called "Regulation 75"?
1564- Everyone knew that Kadima would win and form a coalition with the moderate left Labor party, which managed a respectable second-place finish.
1565- A similar bridging role could perhaps be played by Russia with respect to China and India, with which we should establish maximally close relations.
1566- Break to Avoid a Breakup
1567- In an interview with Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, for example, Bundesbank president Axel Weber made it clear that future rate hikes were very much on the table.
1568- Surely, everybody must know that Turkey has always identified itself as a European state and was recognized as such by the rest of Europe decades ago.
1569- Not without reason.
1570- In some European countries, like France and Ireland, the population will actually rise. But in others there will be steep falls.
1571- But while official attention to rural poverty is music to the ears of the poor, experience shows that such promises are usually inadequate.
1572- Psychologists are quick to point out that whenever humans experience strong emotions, cognitions--thoughts, memories, expectations, beliefs, and interpretation of the situation--help form the experience.
1573- Is the European Union imploding?
1574- So Putin, who usually seems omnipotent, remains wary of issuing an invitation to Pope Benedict.
1575- But if it is always regarded as relevant, the worst damage may be avoided.
1576- Since health care costs for those over 65 are approximately four times higher than for those under 65, aging societies place massive claims on medical resources.
1577- While pragmatism has come to dominate northern Europe's socialist parties since the 1930's -- and, after the 1957 Congress of Bad Godesberg, the Germany's Social Democratic Party (SPD) as well -- a preference for revolutionary ideology has always prevailed, at least on the rhetorical level, among French socialists.
1578- Given magnitude of settlement and the power of vested interests, a forced evacuation of the occupied territories is unthinkable.
1579- The risk to home prices in the aftermath of a bubble is real and substantial.
1580- This is the state of mind that Bush sought to foster when he declared that those who are not "with us" are with the terrorists.
1581- It has to do with a deep, historic, structural reality.
1582- The IMF Comes to Germany
1583- The commission of war crimes may trigger international intervention à la Kosovo or East Timor.
1584- European unemployment, for example, appears to be half again as high as in the US.
1585- To begin, residual problems from the end of the earlier era of colonization, usually the result of untidy exits by the colonial power, still remain dangerously stalemated.
1586- When Ronaldinho and Messi, or Kaka and Shevchenko, play together, their combined "output" (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if he played in a different club with less talented co-players.
1587- University classes become larger, which means that students are taught less effectively.
1588- A credible system to manage Indonesia's new decentralized system is needed.
1589- Saudi Arabia fits this description to a tee.
1590- My own starting point for understanding schizophrenia is the observation that, in some cases, the "voices" that patients hear are clearly their own.
1591- Some were refugees from the East, many had their homes destroyed in air raids, almost all grieved for lost loved ones.
1592- Russia is tactically necessary. But the outside world's assessment of Russia's policies and prospects are visibly changing for the worse.
1593- The Soviet system was particularly inept at handling information.
1594- The key to energy security is diversity -- of pipelines as well as sources of supply.
1595- Did the US ask for dominion over a single nation in Europe?
1596- Only people linked to the regime appear to differ.
1597- But will the new government exploit this unique opportunity for reform?
1598- But during his campaign Yushchenko assured Russophones that he would uphold such rights.
1599- Most Democratic politicians, too, subscribe to it for fear of being branded as weak on defense.
1600- Likewise, Russia's effort to expand its influence in the energy-rich countries of Central Asia is aimed at consolidating Russia's stature as a major energy supplier.
1601- Only in this way can this war against the world of the Enlightenment, which is the modern world that stretches across all the oceans and, yes, embraces all its faiths, be won.
1602- Writers, journalists, and artists could no longer stand the heavy-handed censorship and supervision.
1603- However there is some ambiguity about what they should do when the claims of the state clash with those of the umma (the worldwide community of Islam).
1604- Economic growth must encompass all regions of the country, and people must have equal social guarantees, rights, and opportunities regardless of their place of residence.
1605- The stabilizing effect of such asset purchases is due not to any mechanical consequence of the shift in portfolio balances, but to a change in private_sector expectations regarding future interest_rate policy.
1606- · Establishing a Monitoring Group of force planners, based within the Council of Ministers secretariat, to co�ordinate the peer group pressure that should encourage governments to improve their military capabilities.
1607- The events of September 11th hit America because of who Americans are, and those events transformed the moral horizon of the world community.
1608- The idea is not that Brazil should seek to implement the Dutch social-economic model--the countries are too different for that.
1609- It is generally agreed that the summit was largely a failure.
1610- Despite shunning Marxism/Leninism in favour of "juche" in 1967, the Soviet subsidies kept North Korea's economy above water until 1991.
1611- They had, as it were, only history on their side.
1612- But governments, fearing the expense of wage insurance if a lot of people exploit it, have not been willing to implement it on a large scale.
1613- In the EU we have " regulations," "directives," "decisions," "general guidelines," "common strategies," "common actions," "common positions" - a myriad that only experts can comprehend.
1614- They must turn to the IMF, and the IMF is more concerned with international financial stability than with enabling developing countries to pursue the countercyclical policies needed to avoid recession.
1615- We need to look at individuals within an individual country to understand the true power of "Islamic values" in shaping a society.
1616- But if the recovery is to be sustained credit must be expanded, either by creating new financial institutions or by expanding existing ones.
1617- This is undoubtedly why the Pakistani government refused an Indian offer to send in helicopters for relief work in and around Muzaffarabad, the flattened capital of Pakistani-administered Kashmir.
1618- It would be benefit all parties to start another motor.
1619- This blithe attitude is ultimately behind real estate bubbles where they are occurring.
1620- It is now four centuries since the birth of a masterpiece whose author and hero both seem younger than we do.
1621- Unlike my loan to Hal, the IMF usually does ask government officials to show how they plan to put their country back on its feet.
1622- Similarly, it led Bush to his declared objective of cutting imports from the region by 75% over the next two decades.
1623- The text mostly replicates the structure of Convention Chairman Valery Giscard d'Estaing's "skeleton" Constitution, presented last November, and the conclusions reached by the Convention's working groups.
1624- Proximity to this lawless territory has helped make Moldova the poorest land in Europe.
1625- Like Portugal in the 1980's, they adopted semi-presidential systems that so reduce presidential authority and increase the parliament's powers that they are most accurately described as "parliamentarized semi-presidential" systems.
1626- Rogozin very clearly articulates his positions on these issues, which are in variance with official policy - at least the one presented to the public.
1627- Obviously, some norms do eventually enlist the consent and support of those toward whom they are directed.
1628- The Bush doctrine's bedrock notion is that of "pre-emptive war," a doctrine that lacks international legitimacy and that therefore can usually count on only a limited number of allies.
1629- The first thing to do is to drop the metaphor of a "war on terrorism."
1630- Well, most candidate countries have already achieved a high degree of structural convergence with the EU.
1631- But it's a community that is good to belong to -- provided that people want it and that it makes historical sense for them.
1632- Indeed, although the Internet's coverage in China has been expanding steadily, the Communist Party's ability to censor it has grown even faster, thanks to Western technology.
1633- Government cannot solve these problems on its own.
1634- Kill! Kill!" and "May a big sword decapitate the Japanese!"
1635- Over the last decade we moved from complete aversion to the idea of reform to a policy of mutant reforms pursued for corrupt motives, to the gradual adaptation of legitimate Western practices.
1636- Since political independence in 1960, politics has revolved round Nigeria's major ethnic groups -- the Igbo and Yoruba in the south, and the Hausa and Fulani in the north.
1637- On the contrary, the international community must be ready to enforce the most sacrosanct rules of peaceful coexistence, and sometimes this may include resorting to the use of force.
1638- The great Eurasian civilizations were all dependent on agriculture and needed to create institutional means of tying labor, which was then scarce, to the land, which was abundant.
1639- But property rights and contracts are threatened at many levels.
1640- That is a pity, because as British Prime Minister Tony Blair recently observed, over the long term, "there is no issue more important than climate change," and there can be no agreement to reduce it "that doesn't involve China, America and India."
1641- Relations with China have improved over the years on both sides of the Atlantic.
1642- Egypt's political elite, fearful of critical media coverage, defeat in fair elections, and even imprisonment, prefer the existing regime and oppose any significant reform.
1643- Many generations of Poles dreamt of the day when Europe's postwar division would be undone.
1644- Contrary to appearances, open sectoralism is not a first step to more comprehensive trade agreements.
1645- Some of the most important - South Korea and Taiwan since the early 1960s, China since the late 1970s, India since the early 1980s - have done extremely well under heterodox arrangements.
1646- Anti-Americanism could also rally support to his side.
1647- We can gain some zoological perspective on what that number really means by comparing another species to apes and humans.�Compared to the body of an oyster, for example, chimpanzees and humans are at least 99% identical -- bone for bone, muscle for muscle, nerve for nerve, organ for organ.�If anything, the DNA comparison underestimates the profound similarity of the human and ape bodies in the great tapestry of nature.
1648- The environmental movement's supposedly key concept is "sustainable development."
1649- Sometimes international support must take the form of financial assistance; at other times a similar effect can be achieved through expressions of commitment.
1650- We have seen Enron-style fraud from corporate management, Arthur Anderson-style smoke and mirrors from accountants, and now Putnam Funds-style market-timing irregularities from mutual funds.
1651- As one of Gorbachev's aides later testified, "The Beatles were our quiet way of rejecting ‘the system' while conforming to most of its demands."
1652- Such depositor panic adds to the banking crisis; foreign investors may suddenly flee, as visions of easy wealth turn into financial panic.
1653- It is global, technologically sophisticated, but, above all, it is not about an achievable political objective.
1654- Why should the search for Wolfensohn's successor be limited to an American (and especially an American loyal to a particular political party)?
1655- So alarming are conditions in Colombia nowadays that some Americans worry about the country becoming another Vietnam.
1656- When "state failures" occur, they are often followed by costly military interventions of the US and its allies.
1657- With all his credit cards at their limit, and all his cash gone, Hal finally came to me for a loan.
1658- It is not surprising that attitudes diverged so soon after the initial solidarity that followed the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington in September 2001.
1659- While I've done more than the mayor requested, setting it at 82F (27C), I'm still part of a feedback loop. I deal with the heat by using more energy, which leads to burning more fossil fuel, putting more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere and heating up the planet more.
1660- That name is very simple, and it conveys a new conceptual framing: by promising to pay someone so many baskets at a future date, one is promising to pay in market baskets of goods and services.
1661- All countries will have to give; no country can be expected to carry the burden alone.
1662- In all likelihood, they will become more vociferous and vituperative before they mellow, because public opinion seems to be rewarding stances and tones such as theirs.
1663- The Thais flew consular and embassy officials to the affected areas, aware of the sense of helplessness among those stranded far from home.
1664- But, like medical doctors' Hippocratic oath, America and others must pledge to do no harm in promoting democracy.
1665- In each case, the target was an elite that has sold out to capitalism and/or cosmopolitanism, and that was oblivious of the economic plight of common people, as well as their identity and traditions.
1666- Many fishing techniques now in use--bottom trawls foremost among them--literally tear up the habitat upon which fish depend.
1667- If Europe's foreign and defense policies succeed, NATO should become more European.
1668- The key issue here is whether Al Jazeera, as well as American TV stations, are truthful in what they say.
1669- There is an important parallel to this situation: in 1992, Danes surprisingly voted No to the Maastricht Treaty.
1670- In his later work, Darwin introduced another selection criteria that may be just as important, but which has received much less attention: mating preference, or sexual selection.
1671- But there will be no new initiatives on integration until leaders in the countries that rejected the Constitutional Treaty are ready for a new try.
1672- Sustainable Medicine
1673- But the world needs to look beyond even these issues.
1674- Whether describing genes for the color of flowers in pea plants or the shape of the fruit fly's wings, geneticists at the beginning of the last century believed that each gene governed one unique characteristic.
1675- Two years ago, the picture looked a bit brighter.
1676- But for Uribe's consensus to outlast him and become a truly viable model for the continent, he knows that he must win the hearts and minds of Colombia's disaffected rural population.
1677- But my loan did help, eventually Hal's business recovered, my nephew was born and--much later--the apartment remodeling project came to a successful conclusion.
1678- We need to make certain that market prices for energy use reflect the true social costs of using energy, so that energy users and energy suppliers make better choices regarding energy efficiency, the development of alternative energy sources, and the adoption of environmentally safe technologies.
1679- The Turks of Berlin, the Bangladeshis of Bradford, the North Africans of the suburbs of Paris have not blended into the surrounding societies.
1680- Fifth, immigration can be treated either as a step towards the full integration of migrants, or as a transitional phase in their lives.
1681- People move about the globe cheaply and with relative ease.
1682- The experts rated responses to climate change extremely low on the "to do" list.
1683- Neo-conservatives writers like Max Boot argue that the US should provide troubled countries with the sort of enlightened foreign administration once provided by self-confident Englishmen in pith helmets.
1684- Initially, most nations exiting from Communism reached out, almost instinctively, to their immediate pre-Communist period.
1685- That means accepting and dealing with globalization.
1686- Of course, not all foreign-aid money is well spent.
1687- It was part of a system of dealing with prisoners put in place by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
1688- It also requires greater coordination among all the European Union's member states and their allies and partners.
1689- What could revive that habit?
1690- Economic globalization created turmoil throughout the world at the end of the twentieth century, but the Western market economies were able to re-allocate labor to services, restructure their heavy industries, and switch to computers.
1691- "It is the policy of the United States to seek and support the growth of democratic movements and institutions in every nation and culture," Bush declared, "with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world."
1692- Insofar as this freedom is crucial to their identity, they identify strongly with this ongoing collective agency--the "nation" or the "people"--and hence feel a bond with their co-participants in it.
1693- Their proposal was categorically rejected in a joint submission by 16 existing or future member states, all of them small countries, who insisted that the principle of rotation must be retained, as a symbol of the equality of all member states.
1694- There is no clear recognition of the fact that Europe's soft power means little unless it is allied with the hard power of the US.
1695- "More than half of this battle is taking place on the battlefield of the media, [for] we are in a media battle in a race for the hearts and minds of [Muslims]."
1696- Economic reconstruction is more accurately thought of as economic renewal .
1697- India's ancient and medieval history is notoriously malleable.
1698- Traditional pro-capitalist right-wing parties would welcome such reforms.
1699- Anatomy of Chavez
1700- Some researchers are finding that long-lasting injury signals in neural pathways can change the way those pathways function, and over long periods of time, relentless signals of injury can even alter neural structures themselves.
1701- Ultimately, power remains the ability to coerce.
1702- Other ESC members could enhance their participation by forming groups based on geographical proximity or political criteria (non-NATO EU members could share a seat).
1703- The US and UN are both acting on the basis of a naïve hope that Karzai's legitimacy problem can somehow be "finessed."
1704- For we are engaged not in revolution, but in peaceful democratic evolution.
1705- Another major area of ignorance concerns the extent to which results generated in specialized mental health settings can be transferred to primary care, where the majority of patients with depression are treated.
1706- Such a reference, it is said, would run afoul of the common European constitutional tradition of state neutrality in matters of religion.
1707- Europe faces an historic opportunity.
1708- As stated in the so-called Giovannini Report to the European Commission, "The post-trade landscape could be significantly improved by market-led convergence across national systems."
1709- Such remittances enabled thousands of Jamaicans, for example, to recover from the devastation of Hurricane Gilbert in 1988, when storm damage was estimated at more than one-quarter of the country's annual GDP and nearly three households in four reported damage.
1710- This much is clear, however: there is little confidence in Bush's economic policies.
1711- In France, May 10 is a day to commemorate the abolition of slavery.
1712- After the US military action in Iraq, the tables may be turning in surprising ways.
1713- As a result, the "peasant question" is now threatening social stability and is potentially explosive in a way reminiscent of when Mao organized his revolution around peasant disaffection with the rural policies of the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek.
1714- Labor leaders are often charged with "organizing an illegal procession" or "disturbing the social order."
1715- This cost would be spread over several years.
1716- Corporate profits are bursting at the seams of investors' expectations in virtually every corner of the world.
1717- Never in Hong Kong's history has popular opposition--uniting investment bankers, street hawkers, off-duty civil servants, and artists, among others--been so loud.
1718- The saving rate in China is the highest of any major country.
1719- Another of Brave New World's strategies for control was to maximize divisions among the populace.
1720- Like stealing. Boris Yeltsin's post-1996 government, indeed, showed that stealing can be a full-time job for ministers.
1721- At various times he was persona non grata to the authorities in a number of countries after characterizing either their policies or their behaviour in ways they did not appreciate. It did not help that he was more often right than not.
1722- Second, the international financial system is biased in favor of the wealthy center.
1723- TRIMs institutionalize and reinforce this bias.
1724- The pot could be further sweetened by offers to relax existing sanctions and provide a security guarantee if Iran remains non-nuclear.
1725- But this resilience should not hide a deeper evolution.
1726- A recent opinion poll in Japan shows that 68% of Japanese believe that the US and Britain should not attack Iraq.
1727- The power behind Obasanjo is his Vice President, Abubakar Atiku, a northern Muslim.
1728- Who will make Germany an engine of Europe again rather than a gloomy passenger?
1729- It had been assumed that thousands of Hezbollah rockets fired in concentrated barrages -- which cancel out the inaccuracy of unguided rockets and powerfully compound blast effects -- would kill many civilians, perhaps hundreds each day.
1730- It need not be this way.
1731- From Depression to Freedom
1732- In retrospect, it was paradoxically India's nuclear tests in May 1998 that broke the logjam in relations with the US.
1733- Yet few reflect and apologize.
1734- But, as a matter of economic principle, practical diplomacy, and visionary politics, aren't regional free-trade areas at least a step in the right direction?
1735- Indeed, when deciding how much disaster aid to offer, countries often seem to be influenced mainly by their leaders' concerns about how others will view them.
1736- For all their subliminal paid promotions and subtle product placements, corporations are getting drubbed in the main story lines of our popular culture.
1737- Europe needs structural reforms, but such reforms alone will not end the Continent's malaise, and some measures - those that weaken employment protection or the social safety net - may come at a high price, especially for people at the bottom.
1738- Not surprisingly, this takes time, resources, and effort.
1739- One is focused on his own judicial and economic interests (call this his ``personal reform'' program), much of which he has pursued and implemented ruthlessly.
1740- Like Germany in the mid-19th century, or Japan in the 1960's, China sees many advantages in participating in the international order more or less as it is currently configured.
1741- But nobody should imagine that Europeans are ever likely to share the priority attached by America to the value of military power.
1742- In fact, Pope John Paul II, a man not usually described as soft in his religious commitments, has openly endorsed evolution, even Darwinism.
1743- We should attack our enemies directly and not back off till we succeed." A third respondent said something similar.
1744- There is a deeper issue at stake.
1745- But the loosely worded accord soon collapsed, and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the US stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim's regime.
1746- The recent referendum in Chechnya on a new constitution coincided with the start of the war in Iraq.
1747- Poland's parliamentary and presidential elections this month saw the death of a left-leaning postcommunist party that mostly dominated the country since 1995.
1748- The dream of improving the world disguised a farce that affected not only a single life, as in Cervantes' story, and affected not only the misleading army of buffoons believed to be missionaries.
1749- I was living in a miserable hotel in a rundown neighborhood, consumed with a newcomer's neurotic insecurity.
1750- 0.0
1751- America's commitment to a rapid return to the gold standard prevented an increase in the dollar price of gold, so deflation ensued.
1752- Article 11 of the new constitution declares that "All that is not written in the exclusive powers of the federal authorities is in the authority of the regions."
1753- Rising life expectancy coupled with low birth rates shape the demography of almost all prosperous countries.
1754- Manufacturing workers and high-tech professionals alike in Europe and America are being challenged by global competition.
1755- With hands dangling from his arms, the rebels dumped Emmanuel in the cemetery.
1756- "I am still OK," I reasoned. "They still let me write what I want..."
1757- Mexico today is victim of a gaping ideological divide that most other countries in Latin America have put behind them.
1758- Censorship has been made easier, not more difficult, by the government's decision in the 1990's to shift to a free-market strategy for entertainment products.
1759- Yet diplomacy and development take a distant second and third place behind defense -- or more accurately, military -- approaches in US foreign policy spending.
1760- Calderón means continuity; that's probably why he won, and that is what Mexico needs.
1761- Questions drawn from Islamic theology are discussed freely by the world public, engaging specialists and non-specialists, Muslims and non-Muslims.
1762- Together with a group of friendly countries, the OAS and the Carter Center helped convince Chávez of the inevitability of a recall vote.
1763- The EU made these promises at the Council of Europe in December 2003 and formally at the Council of Foreign Ministers in April 2004. But so far it has not fulfilled them.
1764- Democratic Latin America limps sideways because it can't run ahead.
1765- For deniers, the problem is not that the Holocaust occurred, but that most people still consider it to be a bad thing.
1766- The international community can realize this goal if it is prepared to stay the course and work with Iraqis until the fundamentals of a democratic society take hold.
1767- Why not postpone enlargement, they ask, until some of the states demanding to join Nato have gained EU membership, where elements of their security concerns may be met?
1768- ROME: What does the future hold for transatlantic relations?
1769- But diplomacy regarding the Korean peninsula, in which all roads lead to Beijing, has opened the door to China as the new "go-to" guy.
1770- In the 1952 presidential election campaign, Dwight Eisenhower and his future secretary of state, John Foster Dulles, heaped scorn on containment, calling instead for a "rollback" of the Soviets in Eastern Europe.
1771- But will American resources help to strengthen Pax Africana , or will American power simply turn it into a handmaiden of Pax Americana ?
1772- Perhaps the key difference between Evita and Cristina is the fact that Evita, the "standard-bearer of the poor," was an actress hunting for her destiny when she met Perón.
1773- As sons must revere fathers, so subjects must revere their rulers.
1774- When an economy eats into its productive base in order to raise current production, eventually GNP will decline, too, unless policies were to so change that wealth begins to accumulate.
1775- The discovery that the link between negative moods and negative thoughts remains ready to be reactivated even when people feel well is hugely important: it means that preventing future crises depends on learning how to keep mild upsets from spiraling out of control.
1776- Approach the city and you see the urban center of the world -- a hard and harried place, marked by social contrasts as dizzying as its skyscrapers and with a sense of transience as elevated as its buildings.
1777- The boundary between implicit and explicit incitement is not easily drawn, but, again, it should be wider rather than narrower.
1778- In the period preceding the signing, however, French foreign minister Michel Barnier chastised him for lacking a "European reflex".
1779- The changes underway in American defense policy reflect planning assumptions.
1780- The time to act is now.
1781- The WHO recommends what it calls a "Directly Observed Therapy Strategy" (DOTS) and has set diagnostic thresholds of at least 70% of infectious cases, and curative thresholds of 85%.
1782- Much of the regional differences can be explained by their degree of democracy and openness rather than ethnicity.
1783- But the flip side of the cash nexus is the freedom and self-determination that comes from overturning customary social relations such as slavery and serfdom, which totally subordinated the individual to the will of a master.
1784- Other countries have been more successful due to fortunate circumstances.
1785- uncertainties connected to America's massive trade deficit, which has reached all- time records.
1786- There is also trouble brewing in some of the newly admitted member countries, such as Hungary and Poland, where the EU could play a more proactive role in promoting democratic stability.
1787- Indeed, probably no nation of global significance has more unresolved issues concerning its ruling principles and structures.
1788- Eighteen months later, the results are falling far short of the goal.
1789- First, Central Asia is an important source of energy.
1790- Politicians like this because it increases demand for their services.
1791- The lower a government activity's externalities, the more it should be localized.
1792- The short-term issue concerns egg production, which in many fish is proportional to body size: large individuals contribute far more to future generations than small individuals.
1793- Suppose you could divide reforming countries into two categories: those whose previous policies benefited the rich, keeping inequality artificially high; and those whose previous policies had the opposite effect, keeping inequality low.
1794- It will be particularly difficult in an environment in which the sharia -- that is, Islamic religious law administered not by judges but by priests -- is never far away.
1795- But eventually, consumers refuse to buy more even if prices continue to fall.
1796- In a world of internal and external security threats, the EU will need a stronger executive capable of reacting quickly to unfolding events.
1797- When the best players play together, the quality of each, and of the team as a whole, increases exponentially.
1798- Ultimately the US decided to go ahead without Security Council approval.
1799- Something else is needed as well.
1800- So, if oil substitutes are not easily available, modern societies should focus on the sources of demand, most of which is attributable to the transport sector.
1801- For Stern, this was part of the cultural soil in which National Socialism flourished.
1802- Although the Saudi ruling family, the al-Saud, is under enormous pressure to follow the example of its neighbors, internal resistance to doing so remains very strong.
1803- As if that were not bad enough, Germany's new government is promising to raise taxes.
1804- America's imposition of tariffs on imported steel has been greeted with a howl of protest around the world.
1805- Throughout Iran's long history, Shiite seminaries exercised great influence on Iranian society and politics, but they had been considered civil institutions.
1806- But this does not explain why these groups supposedly hate each other so much.
1807- So it is logical to ask: what are the realistic scenarios concerning the consequences of such an intervention? Are there any plans regarding how to handle the post-strike situation?
1808- Representatives may demand interpretation into their home language, but a proposal to limit each country's translation budget is likely to be accepted soon.
1809- European diplomats should weigh up the consequences of accommodating Castro's regime.
1810- · Third, after ending the grueling sanctions, from which Iraqi civilians have long suffered, the occupying forces should concentrate on rebuilding Iraq politically and economically, along the lines of the post-WWII occupations of America's enemies.
1811- This is alien to any and all concepts of liberty.
1812- - Good decisions need time.
1813- In the last four years, radical Islam has established itself in the Northern Caucasus.
1814- Something like this is now occurring in Afghanistan.
1815- Our cities are exploding in size, depleting water resources and creating horrific traffic congestion.
1816- The paradox is that this was no victory for economics.
1817- Such people are more likely to seek to strengthen their privileges than promote pluralism and the rule of law.
1818- The ILO is a tripartite organization with representatives of labor, government, and business.
1819- Conscious of its vulnerability to rocket attacks, Israel knows that needs a defensible state, safe from external aggression.
1820- Third, the new neighbors present the EU with its most important cross-border issues.
1821- In 2001, as our Maoist insurgency intensified and casualties soared, almost the entire royal family -- including King Birendra -- were massacred by one of Nepal's princes.
1822- What's France's excuse?
1823- The ICD code also frames eligibility for related social goods like hospital care, medical retirement, claims for disability compensation, hospice care, and home health care, to name a few.
1824- Sweden's government wanted the country to join, because it was afraid of the consequences of staying outside.
1825- But her triumph is only part of an intense political debate of the sort France has not seen for decades.
1826- Teach young people some basic marketing skills and then send them out to Argentina's embassies. They will work wonders, unlike the cheap talk of Ambassador Amadeo at Washington dinner tables.
1827- Indeed, the Al Saud clan's third and fourth generations are divided not only in political and religious affiliation, but also range in age from 20 to 90 years old.
1828- Above all, the conservatives' fate - and the fate of the regime as a whole - depends on the country's punishing economy.
1829- Those with a job are protected, those without one are hurt.
1830- As Thucydides put it in his history of the Peloponnesian War, "The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must."
1831- It is typically found that the degree of convergence is very high in terms of foreign trade, capital flows, and banking sector integration, while cyclical convergence and labor mobility have been low so far.
1832- In liberal, market driven societies, however, eugenics will not be coercively imposed by the state for the collective good.
1833- 
1834- Those who recommend a unilateral American foreign policy based on such traditional descriptions of American power are relying on a woefully inadequate analysis.
1835- As for the Fedayeen Saddam, they are village ruffians unfamiliar with Baghdad's urban landscape.
1836- Twenty years ago, real short-term interest rates were exceptionally high by historical standards because the major central banks of the world wanted to combat what was seen at the time as inaction against spiraling inflation.
1837- Occasionally Blair flirts with the idea of more European cooperation on foreign policy and defense.
1838- Judgment in Phnom Penh
1839- The laws of economics state that when the demand for a commodity begins to outstrip supply the price will rise. Leaving aside short-term speculative markets, demand will then decrease and supply (including the supply of substitutes) will increase.
1840- More importantly, the United States and Ukraine are talking seriously about Ukraine's rapid accession to NATO, by 2008.
1841- Important divergences re-emerge on social questions.
1842- Given the new challenges of gobalized insecurity caused, at least in part, by the privatization of force, there is now an urgent task to develop international norms that are relevant to today's conditions.
1843- An unnecessary precaution.
1844- Consider for a moment the vast quantity of column inches and hours of television devoted to the allegations of detainee abuse at Abu Ghraib.
1845- For its part, the opposition still lacks clear leadership and a single leader who can offer a clear alternative to Chávez and mobilize voters.
1846- Here, too, there are examples of improvement.
1847- Most companies are no better at managing or even recognizing the different kinds of economic risks that their workers face.
1848- However, these breaks disrupt and damage the DNA when they are copied as DNA replicates.
1849- "We have lived like pigs for half-a-century, so why not keep living like that for another fifty years?"
1850- In France, by contrast, the appointment of the black anchorwoman Audrey Pulvar was big news on its own, because most of her colleagues in France are white.
1851- Even Ireland, the champion of economic liberalization, has now turned to a more selective approach.
1852- Will today's government do better? This will only be assured if citizens organize themselves to play a more direct role in relief and rehabilitation for the long term.
1853- In short, as Greenspan departs, he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets -- a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability.
1854- At the same time, overwhelming majorities of Kurds, Sunnis, and Shi'ites -- more than eight out of ten -- preferred to be seen as Iraqis first, believing that "Iraq will be a better society if people treat one another as Iraqis."
1855- Because this inevitably lowers the threshold for use.
1856- That is why I offer a program that addresses such key issues as the effective representation of women in government, the need to urgently address environmental problems, to strengthen rule of law, transparency, and accountability, and to move toward universal suffrage in the election of top executive positions.
1857- What will this require?
1858- Two centuries later that was no longer the case: by the end of the nineteenth century, median living standards in Britain and other countries to which the Industrial Revolution had spread were, for the first time in recorded history, light-years above any neo-Malthusian benchmark of subsistence.
1859- Among the EU's new members, English is rapidly replacing Russian as the most widely used foreign language.
1860- a la carte multilateralism.
1861- Nor, judging from the World Bank's practices while she was its chief economist, is there reason to hope for more meaningful participation by developing countries, much less a genuine debate about alternative strategies.
1862- Developing countries ask why they should pay attention to global warming if rich countries are not prepared to curtail their own emissions sharply?
1863- To give Russians back a feeling of pride in their homeland, and to create the conditions for a revival of our historical spiritual and cultural traditions, we must revive our schools, eradicate the spirit of depravity and violence in the media, provide everyone with access to masterpieces of Russian culture, and create the conditions for a social partnership between the state and the church.
1864- In the past, the Baltic Sea Region was one of Europe's most economically dynamic areas.
1865- While Western Europe was free to construct common institutions for peace and prosperity, the Soviet Union subjugated our Central and Eastern heartland.
1866- Nepotism of this type is practically the organizing principle of big business in China, where most lucrative deals involve the ``princelings,'' the offspring of the communist leaders, who number perhaps 3,000-4,000.
1867- Under FHC, Brazil pioneered an effective response to the AIDS epidemic by guaranteeing access to antiretroviral medicines and to widespread counseling and viral testing.
1868- But this issue too is not on the agenda.
1869- Only negotiations, not legal bickering, can put an end to this iniquity.
1870- Is it conceivable that China (soon to be a member) would agree to the inclusion of human rights?
1871- In 1997, America privatized the US Enrichment Corporation (USEC).
1872- Under Angela Merkel's leadership, for example, Germany's Christian Democrats are increasingly flirting with xenophobia.
1873- The Japanese scare story of the 1990s, in which monetary and fiscal policy prove powerless in the face of a sustained deflation, is the economic trauma now used to rationalize Bush's vast 10-year program of tax cutting.
1874- In Japan, such skits are apparently regarded as humorous; in China, the skit was seen as lewd and insulting.
1875- Al Qaeda's network of tens of thousands of people in loosely affiliated cells in some sixty countries gives it a scale surpassing anything seen before.
1876- Hunting after his own ghost -- an obvious sign of inner unhappiness -- Hidalgo searched for a place where dreams, reality, sainthood, love, and justice coexist.
1877- Kurds exceeded this number, with 95% claiming an improvement.
1878- Today democracy has to mean "elections plus" - but plus what?
1879- Some American banks are likely to report large losses as a result of the stock market collapse. Yes, it is possible that the US dollar will keep losing value.
1880- Ever since de Gaulle, all candidates for the French presidency who started too early have lost.
1881- A third argument, held by some French Gaullists and many EU left-wingers, says that Europe needs a common foreign and defense policy to resist American hegemony.
1882- True, oil is far less important to the industrial economies nowadays than in the past, but an extra $10 dollars per barrel in costs is a huge shock that will hit hard.
1883- Hence, they accord no rights to the prisoners at Guantanamo in the absence of implementing legislation.
1884- As in the 1970's and the 1980's, the rising Asian currency is seen as a much greater threat because that is where the biggest trade imbalances lie.
1885- But there are not many countries where that would be true.
1886- Many historians have argued that German society under Hitler was somehow uniquely evil.
1887- By the end of the voting, our party had no observers at 6 out of 10 rural stations.
1888- The primary objective of these centers would be "normal" science, with missions and profiles that feed from their local context.
1889- Gorbachev refused to sanction the use of force to put down demonstrations.
1890- But you must have the resources, the support.
1891- So the Kremlin should strive for voluntary recognition of its leadership based on economic and social achievements.
1892- All of that is now gravely at risk - a dangerous turn of events.
1893- Because Trichet's pre-announcement of a moderate interest rate hike conjures up visions of a Fed-like series of small interest rate hikes over an extended period of time, the ECB president also pre-announced his disinclination to follow in US Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan's footsteps in this regard.
1894- Schröder's Social Democrats also lost 2% of the popular vote compared with 1998, and ended up with a little less than 40% of the total.
1895- Germany's media largely supports the critique.
1896- Although Japan continues to stagnate, and Western Europe hovers on the edge of recession, a solid "output-growth" recovery in the US should prove to be a big help in boosting demand in the rest of the world.
1897- What the Kremlin will care about is the looming choice of Chechnya's president.
1898- The list goes on to focus on agricultural technologies to tackle food production and hunger, as well as technologies to boost the supply of clean drinking water and improve sanitation.
1899- Within Christianity, for well-known historical reasons, Protestantism has had a comparative advantage in adapting to pluralism.
1900- The sessions resulted in stories that highlighted mistreatment of women and children and the failures of government agencies to deliver promised services.
1901- There may be some technical measures that can be taken, like banning parties and candidates who campaign against democracy, or whose democratic credentials are weak.
1902- He identified his source "a Hutu" and reported that arms were ready for the impending ethnic cleansing.
1903- This is doubtless an attempt to deflect attention from Fujimori's own crimes perpetuated from 1990 to 2000, before he fled to Japan.
1904- Many statistical lives -- your own, perhaps -- could be saved by excluding future payment for some expensive medical treatment (say, hemodialysis) for those who are now healthy and reallocating the funds to cheap but effective prevention programs.
1905- Israel's unilateral withdrawal from all 21 Gaza settlements and four in the West Bank has created a new reality for Palestinians.
1906- Never has the need for international organizations like the IMF, the World Bank, and the World Trade Organization been greater, and seldom has confidence in these institutions been lower.
1907- That lesson has had to be relearned throughout the ages: the lesson that weakness is provocative, that a refusal to confront gathering dangers can increase, not reduce, future peril, and that victory ultimately comes only to those who are purposeful and steadfast.
1908- -3.3
1909- He hopes that with a few months, he can then withdraw American troops to the periphery of Baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to Iraqi forces.
1910- Madonna and Child
1911- After World War II, the US launched the first "law and development movement" to promote growth and slow communism's spread.
1912- But the British economy is in a precarious state, and public services remain a mess.
1913- Similarly, Cyprus's entry into the EU, coupled with Turkey's EU aspirations, has created a unique catalyst for tearing down the "Berlin Wall" that runs through the capital, Nicosia, separating the island's Christian and Muslim communities.
1914- Its preamble, which opens with the phrase "We, the Egyptian people," can be read as a scathing attack on Egypt's current political order, and calls for an end to fear and despotism.
1915- For Argentineans, the diminutive Diego Maradona represented the revenge of the weak and the deprived.
1916- True, Koizumi has announced that, if Japan's economy deteriorates sharply, in part as a result of his reform measures and budget cuts, he will take "bold flexible measures".
1917- In a Union of soon 25 members, it will be increasingly difficult to let everyone have a say and to generate consensus.
1918- They built their fragile house of peace on a foundation of coal and steel.
1919- Over the last decade, trade liberalization and monetary integration supported the expansion of market-based financing in Europe.
1920- But that is all it is.
1921- These practices can have a positive impact on profits through increased productivity, lower staff turnover, greater amenability to change, more innovation, and better, more reliable output.
1922- Aging populations are forcing many countries to address pressures on their budgets and social security systems.
1923- Guilt and Shame in Abu Ghraib
1924- But the economic dislocations of the last decade, coupled with the lack of adequate social safety nets in less developed countries, have generated tremendous resentment against globalization.
1925- Only that change in private expectations will make the bank's policy effective.
1926- Doctors have pointed out that, whilst recognizing that an increasing majority of the population wants such a service to be available, to hasten death intentionally is still inherently incompatible with the basic objectives of medicine.
1927- There, too, the ICTY will not be missed.
1928- The Social Democrats (SPD) and the Christian Democrats (CDU) are both committed to the "social market economy," to the essentials of corporatist economic management, to maintaining the entitlements of the welfare state, and to the EU and NATO.
1929- It ordered the withdrawal from Gaza in order to stop the cycle of violence there, on the presumption that Israeli territory proper would not be attacked.
1930- But, because fetuses, at least at the stage of development when most abortions are performed, have yet to develop any kind of consciousness, it seems reasonable to regard ending their lives as much less serious than killing a normal human being.
1931- If, say, the central bank starts buying long_term bonds from the private sector at below_market interest rates, this should help convince the public that the bank intends to stick to a future low interest_rate policy.
1932- Today, most Israelis believe that this step, though justified on strategic grounds in the face of constant attacks by the Lebanese group Hizbollah, convinced Palestinians that violence worked.
1933- Despite many misgivings regarding its conduct in other areas, the Saudi regime should be commended for this initiative.
1934- True, in the endgame of the talks, the US caved in to its wealthy and powerful agribusiness lobby.
1935- The economic takeoff of these two giants started 40 years ago with the introduction of higher agricultural output and an end to famines.
1936- Sexy Culture
1937- Recent research even questions whether targeting price stability reduces the tradeoff between inflation and unemployment.
1938- For if the share of national income going to the poor does not fall with economic growth then of course the poor will gain in absolute terms; growth will be poverty reducing, and contraction will be poverty increasing.
1939- Even if it was, the problems of mass urbanization in the twenty-first century will not be solved by such crude methods.
1940- Europeans who considered Turkey a potential Trojan horse for America within the European Union were forced to reconsider.
1941- Recent studies show that financial incentives to promote earlier retirement are sometimes powerful, so much so that continuing to work becomes a prohibitively expensive.
1942- The US won't "run out of dollars" to service its foreign debts, in the same way that Argentina or Korea ran out of dollars needed to repay foreign creditors during the past decade.
1943- Indeed, Bolton even wanted to eliminate any reference to the MDG.
1944- In forty years, a demographic implosion within China, the consequence of its one-child policy, will make European and Japanese concerns about aging populations look trivial.
1945- His battles were in a decidedly popular art.
1946- Because Japan's export sector is so small, barely 10% of GDP, the depreciation would have to be enormous to stoke the entire economy.
1947- Many of Rivero's old friends feared that talking to the poet would endanger them, and he appeared lonely.
1948- Bolivia contributed to these joint enterprises not only with resources, but also with previous investments.
1949- In real terms, they are forced to pay back more and more to their creditors.
1950- Two distinct realms of self‑defense exist within the law of war. One is the justification for going to war in the first place; the second is the use of force in combat in the course of war, such as killing civilians who are attacking soldiers.
1951- If their claim is upheld, then the cynics are right: our revolution was merely about whether one class or another, one person or another, would obtain the power to work his or her will.
1952- Unlike in Venezuela, there is a viable scenario in which both visions--macroeconomic orthodoxy and greater social justice--can be realized.
1953- The economic implications of such a stance, however, are perverse.
1954- My colleagues and I addressed this question in a review published in The Lancet in April 2004.
1955- If they do, I only ask that the people of Zimbabwe remain strong and carry on the work that we began together.
1956- Russian generals insist that conscription must be maintained so that, if necessary, a large-scale war can be waged.
1957- Mixed motives are not necessarily bad motives.
1958- Meanwhile, Yushchenko was forced to accept a poorly designed political reform full of traps.
1959- This is especially crucial for poor countries, where slower global growth means continuing hardship.
1960- Egyptian-born Sheik Hilaly, in Sydney, may have been verbalizing a latent sense of otherness and mistaking it for insight.
1961- They held no illusions that their country was a democracy.
1962- Looking back, it is ironic that the Chinese government's draconian "one-child" policy, imposed in 1979, was implemented at the same time as the "open door" policy, aimed at capturing labor-intensive foreign manufacturing investment.
1963- First, investors, recognizing that the dollar is overvalued and that they are likely to suffer large losses when it returns to its fundamental value, could start selling their Treasury bonds, corporate bonds, and mortgage-backed securities.
1964- For decades, due to rampant protectionism, the ratio of Brazil's exports to GNP was one of the lowest in the world.
1965- The service contains an electronic newsletter that includes Syria-related reports and articles gathered from a variety of sources, often including comments by opposition figures at home and abroad.
1966- But some subsidies, like cotton subsidies in the United States, are rightly emblematic of America's bad faith.
1967- Liberal Western and domestic circles commonly characterize Vladimir Putin's government as increasingly authoritarian and ineffective.
1968- Not unlike Holland in the early 1980s, Brazil's economy today faces the challenge of stimulating rapid employment growth amid fiscal constraints and high interest rates.
1969- China's Political Bedlam
1970- Strictly speaking, they are guilty more of confusing the potential and the actual than the true and the false.
1971- In fact, Russia's foreign policy is Putin personified: the president decides and executes almost everything.
1972- By embedding death in rituals, society made its self-questioning into a part of itself.
1973- Likewise, France's economic growth is waning not because France has failed to undertake necessary structural reforms, but because European interest rates are too high.
1974- Literary works in which people who committed cruel, bloody acts were transformed into vampires became popular from 1820 onwards.
1975- The tide of political change is irreversible. But we must be prepared to pay a high price for our freedom.
1976- Large as the number of such arrests and prosecutions is, the true extent of the government's suppression of independent thought and activity is even greater.
1977- Where the international community can help Argentina is by opening its doors to Argentine goods, taking the rhetoric of free trade seriously and recognizing that trade can be an important instrument not only for long-term growth, but also for economic recovery.
1978- Because the country's rulers include many members of his team, such a possibility probably exists.
1979- Did anyone doubt the legitimacy of the result?
1980- In each case, a small increase in today's very low inflation rates would eliminate any real gain from investing in bonds.
1981- Autocracy, not dictatorship.
1982- But it is one thing to hold the high hand in a game that you play only once.
1983- On his return from the signature of the Amsterdam Treaty in 1997, Robin Cook, the British Foreign Secretary at the time, announced that "The federalists have been defeated."
1984- As the huge buildup of dollar reserves -- now almost $800 billion -- expands China's domestic monetary base, short-term interest rates will be driven down, at least until they hit zero.
1985- It needs to accept that globalization is above all an opportunity, one that must be grasped by confident, innovative, and entrepreneurial people.
1986- He pointed particularly to the PLA's increasing number of short-, intermediate- and even long-range ballistic missiles.
1987- Today its problems look, as the Brookings Institution economist Peter Orszag says, much more like the equivalent of a slow tire leak: you have to fix it eventually, but it isn't very hard to do and repair it isn't terribly urgent.
1988- Third, instead of futile opposition between "liberal" and "social" models of economic development, we need a confrontation of the experiences of Great Britain and Sweden, on the one hand, and Germany and France, on the other.
1989- They were admitted to the EU only fifteen years after the fall of communism, and not all of them had previous experience with democracy.
1990- For example, the refugee problem cannot be separated from wider problems concerning the integration of all inhabitants of Palestine, Jordan, and Israel -- where the refugees are most numerous -- into civil societies where they may enjoy equal legal status and equal access to economic and cultural opportunities.
1991- One oligarch, Yamagata Aritomo, made the bureaucracy immune to political meddling by obtaining a personal communication from the emperor that could never be overruled.
1992- Arab democracy, he claims, has now become a domestic concern in the United States, which will make it hard for American presidents to sweep the abuses of friendly Arab regimes under the rug, as they did in the past.
1993- In the wake of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, President George W. Bush helped fashion and lead the largest coalition in history -- 80-plus nations -- to fight the global war on terror.
1994- But the West would also suffer, for a new "instability arch" along the Russian-Ukrainian border would kill the idea of establishing an alliance of the world's large powers against new threats and revive rivalry between blocs of a different kind.
1995- To state the obvious, military/political occupations and international oversight of a country are never welcome to the people who are being occupied and/or overseen.
1996- Soon, however, the Pentagon's language lost its sharp edge: the problem did not really exist as the captives would be released soon anyway, and were treated well anyway.
1997- Until recently, the region maintained a trade surplus with the US, but with liberalization, the region will increase imports of more affordable goods, thereby turning the surplus into a deficit.
1998- Because they know how supposedly "innocent" insinuations grow into accusations and that accusations can become discrimination and soon after legislation. It is then that hysteria is set loose.
1999- For Pakistan's small and embattled liberal and left-wing forces, he is yet another military dictator who seized and holds power by force, undermining the development of democracy.
2000- For years I've tried to discover the underpinnings of this homophobia, which remains deeply rooted despite the progressive liberalization of public opinion in most areas of morality: contraception, premarital cohabitation, divorce, single motherhood, women's rights, have all gradually (if grudgingly) been assimilated into the spectrum of "normal" behavior.
2001- But if it does fulfill these conditions, further hesitation by Europe will undermine all those who want to bring Turkey's democratic transition to a successful conclusion.
2002- If there is no other way to stop the thieves, the use of force is necessary.
2003- On many issues, the positions of populist parties conflict with the traditional pro-capital and pro-market platforms of established center-right parties.
2004- The political consensus in favor of universal education, outward-oriented trade, health for all, and a science-and-technology oriented economy must be strengthened.
2005- Conversely, Israel is also fighting two wars: a just war to defend its right to exist, accepted in its integrity and security in the Middle East, and an unjust and futile war to perpetuate its occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip and the Jewish settlements located there.
2006- But the unilateral nature of the announcement, and the abrupt timing of the plan, has incited alarm in South Korea, and perhaps in Japan, that withdrawal could pose serious risks to the vital role that US forces have performed in deterring another war in Korea.
2007- Why?
2008- France Says "No" To Chirac, Not to Europe
2009- But history and geography matter in assessing the nature of a threat.
2010- Restructuring a SOE into a shareholding firm and listing it improves performance. Good theory, but, again, only one-third of most SOEs' shares are privatized.
2011- Different perceptions are natural among different political cultures.
2012- To be viable, a state needed to be large enough to defend itself and to constitute a relatively self-contained economic market.
2013- Other catastrophic risks include natural epidemics (the 1918-1919 Spanish influenza killed between 20 million and 40 million people), nuclear or biological attacks by terrorists, certain types of lab accidents, and abrupt global warming.
2014- Some even suggest that capitalism needs wars, that without them, recession would always lurk on the horizon.
2015- For thousands of South American, Caribbean, and African children rented out as maids and houseboys, there is no recourse when they are overworked, beaten, and raped.
2016- Flores, who was the favorite for most of the campaign, has now lost support as a result of popular frustration over the distribution of wealth and because of her links with powerful domestic and foreign business interests.
2017- Since 1981, no poll favorite has won the presidency.
2018- During the years when West European societies were undergoing their process of secularization--indeed, of ``de-Christianization''--Polish Catholicism underwent an extraordinary revival.
2019- There remains a possibility that trade negotiators will patch together a last-minute deal in Hong Kong and emerge claiming victory.
2020- Don't look to central banks; most are likely to manage the near-term risks to inflation and growth reasonably well.
2021- This poses a particular challenge in a country where lawyers were among the targets of genocidal violence, where few sitting judges possess formal legal training, and which has little tradition of judicial independence.
2022- Naturally, oil cisterns are not the only targets, and coastal locations are not the only regions hit. It is far too early to assess the damage done by releases of other, less visible, chemicals, but it is safe to assume that ground water will be contaminated for a long time.
2023- An earthquake that devastates Pakistan garners fewer headlines, so the developed world gives a lot less.
2024- We are not moving toward a choice reached after countless discussions.
2025- The money illusion occurs because we are accustomed to economic values almost always being framed in terms of money.
2026- President Jacque Chirac's wife, the Prime Minister, and five ministers attended the funeral of Jean-Luc Lagardère in 2003.
2027- But the fact that some aid has been squandered or stolen is not an argument against all aid.
2028- A RAND study projects that by 2015, China's military expenditure will be more than six times higher than Japan's, and its accumulated military capital stock will be roughly five times higher (measured at purchasing power parity).
2029- The Iranian- and Syrian-backed Hezbollah militia may reinitiate hostilities.
2030- But, because an alliance of equals is impossible, a flexible combination of limited partnership and local rivalry seems the most likely course.
2031- Whether Hamas can actually be transformed into a more moderate organization is impossible to say right now.
2032- Finally, Dr. Jiang implored the Party to re-assess the 1989 student movement by "reversing its verdict" from "counter-revolutionary rebellion" or "political storm" to "patriotic acts that had the support of the overwhelming majority of the people in Beijing and the country."
2033- Ambassadors in New York are now working day and night to hammer out the details of the current reform proposals.
2034- Being in touch with one's inner feelings, desires, and aspirations is now seen as a necessary part of living a fully human life.
2035- If the FIS group is lucky, there will also be some radical input from thinkers that do not presently have access to first world infrastructure.
2036- Reformists, on the other hand, argue that individual judgment -- diligence -- is permissible, and that society is empowered to make choices based on contemporary needs, regardless of the opinions of previous religious scholars.
2037- Thus France cannot meet the Pact's deficit target.
2038- Developed countries can provide limited help by means of well-focused, untied aid and technical assistance projects.
2039- Concerned that cutting spending might lose him votes, Berlusconi is proposing a tax cut of less that 0.3% of GDP -- and one that is partly to be financed by other levies.
2040- For example, in early February 2004, the then Chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisers, N. Gregory Mankiw, spent some time trying to explain the issues surrounding "outsourcing" to America's elite political news reporters.
2041- Yet many Americans think that much of Europe's critique of Israeli policies expresses a zeal that cannot be explained simply by Europeans' renunciation of their own colonial past and thus their sensitivity to an Israeli occupation that looks like annexation.
2042- Turkey's seeming fall from grace with the US may turn out to be a blessing in disguise.
2043- Even the office photographer began to notice different photographic choices.
2044- "The labor market is the key," says Bundesbank President Axel Weber, a Social Democrat recently appointed to his post by Gerhard Schroeder.
2045- Decision-making is already difficult in an EU with 15 members.
2046- One of the key achievements of the European Union is mobility of goods and inputs.
2047- It is not clear how many street-fighters Saddam can obtain from his five competing security forces (the 5,000-man Al Amn al-Khas Special Security Service, the 4,000-man, al-Mukhabarat al-Amma General Intelligence Directorate, the 5,000-man Al-Istikhbarat al-Askariyya Military Intelligence, the 5,000 man Al Amn al-Askariyya Military Security Service, and the 8,000-man Mudiriyat al-Amn al-Amma General Security Service) whose 25,000-30,000 men are distributed throughout Iraq.
2048- Even when part of alliances--the Triple Alliance with Bismarck's Germany and the Habsburg Empire, or the Entente with France before the First World War--Russia was kept at a distance.
2049- Finally, like all candidate countries, Turkey also receives financial and technical assistance in support of ongoing reform programs.
2050- Moreover, young radicals go to fight in Bosnia, Chechnya, Afghanistan, or Kashmir rather than in their countries of origin, because they do not regard the Middle East as the heart of a Muslim civilization under siege by crusaders.
2051- The UN's Resolution 1441 requires Iraqi disarmament in terms of actual weapons of mass destruction and the ability to make them.
2052- For example, a recent law mandates punishment for anyone who spreads rumors that Gamal is to be the next president.
2053- But I see no reason for optimism.
2054- One reason for this extreme overcentralization is that Putin does not trust anyone.
2055- "That was a wake-up call for all of us."
2056- He told them that he rejected cruelty to animals, but insisted that it was his duty to promote the interests of people before dogs.
2057- Such a tax would leave the oligarchs with plenty, and could even compensate them for their efforts at restructuring enterprises.
2058- 5.4
2059- On the other hand, if, say, the Atlantic current that keeps northern Europe warm were to shift direction or to slow down on account of global warming, the change would be essentially irreversible.
2060- Mr. Shang needs to grasp the nettle and come up with a new scheme for selling off the central government's shares. #5.
2061- Since the mid-1990's, the net current-account surplus of "all the rest" has risen by an amount that one Federal Reserve Bank economist has put at $450 billion a year, not because savings rates have increased, but because investment rates have fallen.
2062- Reduced government debt would also means more money available for private investment, providing a further boost to labor productivity.
2063- Yet contradictions abound.
2064- But not forever.
2065- How long will the war last and how does it relate to civil liberties and alliances?
2066- They justifiably fear that any savings from relief may well be misused, just as other public resources have been.
2067- So how low can the dollar sink?
2068- Medical infrastructure exists everywhere, in some form.
2069- Under these conditions, with the Sunni ruling minority constantly feeling threatened, it was no accident that the only attempt in any Arab country to establish something like a pro-Nazi fascist regime occurred in Iraq in the early 1940's under Rashid Ali al-Khailani.
2070- Brazil, meanwhile, has exhibited commendable political and macroeconomic stability.
2071- A decline in oil revenues could be devastating to the fledgling Iraqi government.
2072- Rudra assumed that caste existed in ancient India because, despite the unreliable historical record, the caste system is so manifest even today.
2073- This consistent pattern of readiness to inflict civilian casualties -- often when striking targets that are not of vital military significance -- suggests that Bush and other pro-life American leaders have less concern for the lives of innocent human beings in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Pakistan, than they have for human embryos.
2074- If he can do these three things, Japan can then rely on its human capital and high level of adaptability to move out of trouble.
2075- Unfortunately, most of the alternatives call for the continued use of violence and terrorism.
2076- Once again the similarity with what happened in Western Europe at the time of the euro's implementation is striking.
2077- Thus, for example, last November, the US lifted its six-year embargo on military sales to Indonesia, imposed in 1999 in response to human rights abuses in East Timor.
2078- Let us hope, therefore, that reason -- and the instinct of self-preservation -- will ultimately prevail.
2079- Greater effort, in the form of research and resources, must be invested in better understanding the hopes and aspirations of young people.
2080- Not only will there be no peace and democracy in Iraq, but the West's security interests will be endangered further.
2081- In many places, hatred of Jews thrives.
2082- Without history, we will be exposed to the full force of the tales of our imagined pasts, which only mirror our current hates and loves.
2083- One survey showed that 66% of Chinese doctors use acupuncture routinely to treat the effects of stroke, with 63% of the doctors surveyed believing it to be effective. Some 36% of Chinese doctors think the effectiveness of acupuncture remains uncertain, perhaps because the scientific basis for it remains so new.
2084- For more than a century, Ireland was an emigration country par excellence .
2085- Lula and his party are so far outside the mainstream of economic thought and policy that capital has already begun fleeing--even though the election is months away.
2086- Such effects could be reinforced by the addition of metals to the oil in order to confuse bombs' guidance systems.
2087- People like me who have been cheerleaders for international integration in trade and finance, as well as for reductions in tariffs and other barriers, have cited three benefits:
2088- The revolution's veterans refuse to discuss their arrogant presumption of "natural Redness," or to mention that they rebelled because they wanted power.
2089- If Gaza turns into a lawless failed state, one that is a base for attacks on Israelis, it will be extremely difficult to persuade Israel to withdraw from other areas that it now occupies.
2090- But if international currency speculators get the scent of near-inevitable profits from an ongoing dollar decline in their nostrils, all Asian central banks together will not be able to keep the dollar high.
2091- It simply didn't fly with the electorate.
2092- They found that the median real stock price appreciation from 1920 to 1996 for all these countries was only 0.8%, compared to 4.3% for the US.
2093- Call one the "protection" pathology, in which governments stymie progress by reducing access to foreign investment and technology. The other pathology is "corruption," where political leaders fail to respect property rights and the rule of law.
2094- Such self-help can be encouraged by policies (which is what Ludwig Erhard, the father of the "social market economy" did in Germany), but some starting capital helps.
2095- I understand the reality of the fascist threat, but I also understand what the government wants us to take from it.
2096- Historically, the stock market has performed well.
2097- India is a country on the move, with rapid economic development and dazzling dynamism in the information technology sector.
2098- Others note the presence of numerous Iraqi businesses in Jordan, conducting activities whose purposes have not always been clear.
2099- Normally, deficit reduction in an economic downturn makes a downturn worse--just as the British economist John Maynard Keynes demonstrated 70 years ago.
2100- Perhaps the effectiveness of legal institutions in developing countries and emerging markets is not the only goal.
2101- In memory, then, the Twin Towers still stand tall, still cast a shadow into our lives.
2102- Argentina's exchange rate system survived, but at a heavy price - the onset of double-digit unemployment.
2103- Yet, unlike Iraq, Nigeria has a recent history of relatively stable democratic governance.
2104- Having spent a decade dismantling the debris of state socialism, most of these countries chafe at the idea of importing the European social market's idea of solidarity via the EU.
2105- But changing economic balances also lead to changing political balances.
2106- Last year, China alone accounted for roughly 60% of global export growth.
2107- Although drug money plays a defining role in these rebellions, putting the blame solely on illegal narcotics is wrong.
2108- Of course, our movement was created out of opposition: opposition to corruption, opposition to surrendering our national independence, opposition to the rule of the bully.
2109- The major cause of what has happened is the systematic intellectual weakness of Russia's foreign policy.
2110- Market pressures compound this worry.
2111- The prevailing consensus is not to regard China as a threat. But there are several serious conceptual flaws in this reasoning.
2112- Worse yet, the gap between Muslim countries and the rest of the world is widening.
2113- Of course, resolving uncertainty is no reason to invade Iraq prematurely, for the costs of any war are high, and are not to be measured only, or primarily, in economic terms.
2114- But the United States - under leaders of both political parties - and our allies showed perseverance and resolve, year after year.
2115- So another dangerously vicious circle seems to be operating: high taxes discourage work, and because fewer jobs are created, fertility is discouraged.
2116- Dmitri Likhachev, one of Russia's most respected intellectuals in the communist era, said that there is no such thing as the Russian soul; "we can create whatever future we want."
2117- Supplied with raw materials, assemblers could be programmed to build whatever we need, including more assemblers.
2118- Given that the insurgency is centered among the Sunnis, this refusal is likely to make it more difficult to establish the security that is necessary for democratic government to work.
2119- This is an initiative around which all countries can and should rally.
2120- So how to choose when and where?
2121- Millions of AIDS orphans in Southern Africa live with grandparents too old and weak to produce food or to secure it.
2122- Making such a community a reality will not come about by believing that Europe's culture is better than others.
2123- But even these benefits may be curtailed by the continuing economic downturn in much of Western Europe.
2124- To be sure, many of these inner-city residents simply lacked the resources to evacuate easily.
2125- Alas, Putin's success may lead to his downfall.
2126- More problematic is assuring domestic stability.
2127- Its economy has boomed thanks to oil and gas exports, not to healthy market developments.
2128- For example, since 1990 Brazil has increased grain production by 125%, with an increase of only 24% in cultivated area.
2129- Terrorism must be stripped of its legitimacy; those carrying it out must be shamed.
2130- Surely not Japan now; one is inclined to say, never.
2131- Given America's preponderant power today, most of the world sees this goal as extreme arrogance when they are not like China in seeing it as outright dangerous.
2132- In addition to normal interest payments, these bonds have an attached lottery -- an enticement to keep the money in savings.
2133- In earlier years, Dr. Khan and his collaborators published a number of papers detailing critical issues regarding the balancing of centrifuges and magnetic bearings.
2134- Lakhani points to the bitter irony that Pakistan's 143 million people have sacrificed much in demanding democratic rights and self-determination for Kashmir's 13 million people, while enjoying precious few of those same rights at home for the past 55 years.
2135- By breaking the Pact's ban on fiscal deficits exceeding 3% of GDP, France and Germany undermined this limit as a key criterion for determining whether countries are ready for eurozone membership.
2136- Gaullism, or the vision of a French-led European counterweight to the US, has never been an option for Germany. Neither, to be sure, has the Euro-skeptic British version of Atlanticism.
2137- If the US attempts to isolate Syria, it will not have an easy time of it.
2138- They take the Palestinian suicide bombings and kidnappings as proof that peace with the other side is impossible. "There are no partners for peace," goes the refrain.
2139- Alexis de Toqueville claimed that unfulfilled hopes lie at the basis of every revolution, that every revolution is engendered by disillusion caused by exaggerated expectations.
2140- The oil crises of 1973 led to a decade or more of inflation, and the scars are still being felt.
2141- Incredibly, neither Blix nor al-Baradei pressed for any interviews with scientists outside Iraq, although they are fully aware that this is the only safe way to conduct effective inquiries.
2142- Of course, improvements are possible.
2143- Corporations, foundations, universities, and other non-profit organizations can promote much of the work of developing an open civil society. Companies and foundations can offer technology to help modernize Arab educational systems and take them beyond rote learning.
2144- So it is a timely moment to reappraise its position and to begin acting from strength, not weakness.
2145- Is Syria Next?
2146- Indeed, Europe is now rife with talk about junking it, as well as with discussions about how to fix it.
2147- I like to think about this coming revolution in historical terms.
2148- If it used the centrifuges that it purchased from Pakistan's nuclear impresario A.Q. Khan, it could have enough fissile material to produce 20 bombs.
2149- Did Deng Xiao Peng foresee the vast inequalities that would result?
2150- Otherwise, the Lisbon Strategy could merely empower an inefficient bureaucracy, rather than boosting the EU's democratic legitimacy.
2151- In a flurry of media and security, they confronted Carla Del Ponte, chief prosecutor at the International Criminal Tribunal for former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in The Hague.
2152- As a result, private companies do not offer life annuities at attractive rates, because they cannot be reasonably sure that they can fulfill their promises unless they are significantly overcapitalized.
2153- Political decisions can--or at any rate, should--never claim to represent the truth.
2154- More urgently, the US motor is sputtering.
2155- The time has arrived for a massive effort by voluntary organizations to take up the MDG's through private action.
2156- In the case of Brazil, it means that the people are no longer willing to accept or vote for the heterodox political and economic adventures that characterized the 1980's and early 1990's.
2157- Despite the obvious imbalance with the US in terms of modern armaments, it would be shortsighted to ignore China's own formidable military hardware.
2158- South Korean public opinion is split on how to handle the North, but the majority fear that a sudden collapse would have catastrophic effects on the South's economy.
2159- For a majority of Russian citizens, economic prosperity and televised entertainment have become the modern equivalent of the panem et circenses formula of Roman times.
2160- In reality, the territories are an extension of Israeli sovereignty; the army is there to protect the settlers and to assert Israel's de facto sovereignty over them.
2161- The Calvo study thus concludes that Bernanke's debt deflation theory of the Great Depression does not generally apply to the more recent crises.
2162- So one would expect that smaller countries will spend proportionally more on defense than larger ones.
2163- But the obvious advantages of economic integration with the prosperous US are no less important to Mexico's economic stability and development than accession to the EU is for countries like Poland, Latvia, or Slovakia.
2164- The mystery is of course easily resolved; its name is differentiation.
2165- But the left-wing parties that support him have already announced that they will block the constitutional reform, which they opposed for other reasons.
2166- Fourth, the nuclear crisis triggered by North Korea demonstrates that the US -- for the first time since the Cold War's end -- is no longer the main player on the international scene and that its options are both limited and problematic.
2167- Gone are the times in the older democracies when one could count on two major parties -- one social democratic, the other more to the right of center -- dominating the political scene.
2168- Missiles and tanks alone cannot bring democracy, but coupled with the civil power of sensitive help for the defeated, democracy can be adapted to Iraq and the rest of the Middle East.
2169- Because liberal economic reforms harm their interests, such reforms have been abandoned.
2170- Today's complex security environment, with terrorist attacks by non-state actors occurring alongside traditional state-to-state wars, demands a nimble, integrated strategy.
2171- But even in hard times, every European knows deep down that European integration has delivered peace with clear prospects for broadening Europe's zone of peace and stability.
2172- The part of the brain that generates actions - the frontal cortex - must be sending signals to regions of the brain where sensations are processed, but we know very little about the nature of these signals or the precise pathways involved.
2173- Turkey's other major contribution comes through constructive diplomatic engagement in the region.
2174- At the same time that political changes helped spread democracy across Latin America, structural economic reforms were strengthened.
2175- Moreover, under President Kuchma, the country is unable to respond to the West's strategic interests in Ukraine with practical signs of cooperation.
2176- There is little that officials can do to monitor or modify the children's workloads on large farms or small family enterprises.
2177- Afghanistan, once controlled by extremists, today is led by Hamid Karzai, who is at the forefront of the world's efforts in support of moderates versus extremists.
2178- Outside efforts can help reduce poverty, but it is, ultimately, the efforts of low-income countries themselves to sustain strong economic performance, improve governance, and develop stable and effective institutions that will have the most important impact on reducing poverty.
2179- In view of the risk to its troops, Europe will be compelled to influence and even proactively bring about strategic changes to the political environment in the entire Middle East.
2180- These include a tendency towards greater equality between men and women and their roles in society; a culture that rewards educational attainment with high social status; the secularization of many aspects of modern life, including the preeminence of modern science; and cultural practices that favor social mobility in the choice of occupations.
2181- As a result, the IMF must increasingly share responsibility and blame for Argentina's havoc.
2182- As a political tactician, she has also been innovative, organizing her campaign on the Internet with a plan to write her program from the responses of users.
2183- The challenge for Europe is to use English as such an instrument, while avoiding submersion in American and British culture.
2184- What is true is that the Israelis lacked a coherent war plan, so that even their most purposeful bombing came off as brutally destructive (though with a deterrence payoff, as Syria's immobility showed).
2185- This, too, is something that may happen any day now or that could be a few years off.
2186- CJD belongs to the family of what are called prion diseases, a unique group of neurodegenerative diseases that can be transmitted.
2187- Perhaps most importantly, market relations contribute to international peace by creating ever-wider forms of association.
2188- This divide-and-conquer strategy undermines the multilateral trade system, which is based on the principle of non-discrimination.
2189- As The Economist pointed out, a shockingly large number of opposition figures somehow lose their lives on Ukraine's roads and in other strange ways.
2190- Instead, the problem this time around is one that relatively calm times have helped reveal: the predicted benefits of financial globalization are nowhere to be seen.
2191- Or consider more successful countries.
2192- But most people doubt whether it even makes a difference, and they are probably right.
2193- 
2194- But the price of escape is a kind of deformation.
2195- This means that unions should not leave the complex financial problems of designing pensions entirely to governments.
2196- The Great Ape Project does not reject the idea of basic rights for other animals.
2197- Even schoolchildren can recite some projected outcomes: oceans will warm and glaciers will melt, causing sea levels to rise and salt water to inundate low-lying coastal areas.
2198- India's nuclear tests had put India in America's diplomatic ‘dog-house.' Even so, with the Cold War's end, such spats were looking distinctly archaic.
2199- He also behaved, when talking to voters and citizens, as if he was tirelessly running for office for a fourth time.
2200- After that, the IMF began to encourage some countries to renegotiate debt rather than seek new money, at least if they were relatively small scale borrowers such as Ukraine or Pakistan and thus could not endanger the whole system.
2201- Draghi, a respected MIT economist, favors economic reform and understands the role that a strong euro plays in spurring it.
2202- Combining the data from our study and the study from Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories, over 300 regions of the genome were found to exhibit CNVs among normal individuals.
2203- Taking two recent European examples, Poles and Slovaks will likely soon realize that their new populist governments do more harm than good to the people and their country.
2204- While the announcement incited Indian protests, they were relatively muted compared to the past.
2205- But the real promise for China and India lies in the future.
2206- Both outcomes would weaken demand for foreign goods by making Americans feel that they are too poor to buy them.
2207- Fifty-four years after the announcement of the Schuman Plan that began to knit together the economies of France and Germany, the EU now has 25 countries and a population larger than that of the United States.
2208- How then to think ahead?
2209- No less remarkable than the latest discoveries was the timing of their announcement, which came on the eve of a vote in the United States Congress to expand federal funding for research on embryonic stem cells created during in vitro fertilization (but never implanted in a womb).
2210- Moreover, this struggle with the US rallies much-needed domestic support.
2211- A year ago, Netanyahu seemed certain to succeed Sharon.
2212- But, as Brown has pointed out, viruses found in wild birds are generally not very dangerous.
2213- It will be similarly tempting elsewhere.
2214- Paulson's appointment presumably shows that Bush is far more concerned about environmental issues than is commonly believed.
2215- Lack of education keeps Roma out of work and limits their future opportunities.
2216- The impact of this state of affairs can hardly be overestimated.
2217- Even before these increases, subsidies to agriculture by the advanced industrial countries were enormous - exceeding the total incomes of sub-Saharan Africa.
2218- Meanwhile, more wealth is created in the US than in Europe.
2219- A subsequent study of fullerene toxicity found no significant toxicity for buckyballs, but did observe a toxic response in cell cultures to a second group of fullerenes, called "single-wall nanotubes."
2220- As with structural convergence, EU candidates already outperform Spain, Portugal, and Greece at a comparable time before their EMU debut.
2221- For a long time, those who studied the nature of life and heredity were divided into two camps: epigeneticists , who emphasized environmental influences on living organisms, and preformists , who stressed the similarities between parents and progeny.
2222- The social sciences' egalitarianism runs counter to both the humanist fixation on elite "classic" texts and the natural scientific tendency to generalize across species.
2223- In the free world, people are not forced to read a newspaper or listen to a speech that they do not like, and they can oppose without fear what is said by those in positions of authority.
2224- According to exit polls, 60% of Mexico's voters who thought that things had improved over the past year voted for Calderón; 60% of those who approve of President Vicente Fox (who in turn has a 65% approval rate), chose Calderón as well.
2225- The US cannot reach a trade agreement or settle anti-trust cases without the approval of the EU Commission.
2226- Of course, Prodi could preserve a bipolar political system -- and thus increase the longevity of his government -- by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability.
2227- A Conservative Europe
2228- Damned on Sunday, they are hired for work on Monday.
2229- Just when one is lulled into thinking that something other than oil is at the root of current US and UK action in Iraq, reality pulls us back.
2230- But we can and should contribute to spreading the benefits of globalization more evenly.
2231- She reminds physicians that, for the person suffering intense pain, what dominates awareness above all else is a powerful negative emotion.
2232- Despite the unit's technical-sounding name, people in Chile seem to have learned to think in terms of the UF instead of the peso for important contracts.
2233- The Germans tried to use their leadership in the G8 to achieve greater transparency in hedge funds, but they were beaten back by the US and Great Britain.
2234- Instead, Taylor is housed in a villa on the sandy beaches of Calabar on Nigeria's southeastern coast, as key international players -- including France, the United Kingdom, and South Africa -- remain silent.
2235- When the NATO Allies gather in Istanbul, much of the talk will concern the divisions between America and Europe over Iraq.
2236- "I made it," they seem to say, "so why can't she?"
2237- The IMF was given a privileged legal position, and only devastated and wrecked "failed states" such as Sudan would default on loans from the Fund.
2238- Only a truly popular political mandate can assure that the Japanese people are fully aware of their international responsibilities as an influential nation in the international community.
2239- The idea that any nation is morally superior, or that it has been divinely chosen as a leader of nations, is dangerous.
2240- Looking back at his career, Arafat never really veered from the belief that his life's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state.
2241- For example, today America's 5% of the global population represents more than half of all Internet users.
2242- Football has always been this way.
2243- The rule from the earlier research on bacteria was to obtain mutants and study them as deeply as possible.
2244- Again, differences mattered.
2245- The dictatorship taught its ruling apparatus how to organize party machines that reach down to the grassroots, how to advance patiently within a large political organization, how to build political support, and how to reckon with the interests of their constituency.
2246- Unfortunately, there is still a lot of subterfuge in the World Bank's report.
2247- There does need to be a commitment to fiscal responsibility.
2248- The deal was signed and almost everybody was happy: passengers who fly cheaply; the airport, where the number of shops increased along with the number of passengers; the local community, where new jobs were created.
2249- There is another strongly held belief: that Japan cannot recover without a steep decline in the yen.
2250- In Belgium, for example, only one-third of men exit the labor force directly to one of the public retirement systems.
2251- Despite the censorship, the Chinese blogosphere is blossoming, with probably somewhere between 5-10 million active blogs.
2252- On the other hand, if the protagonists are patient, the winds of democracy could lead to a stronger constitution, free of the risks of economic and judicial nightmare that some aspects of the present draft entail.
2253- Many early comments focus on the Panel's recommendations for enlarging the UN Security Council from 15 to 24 members.
2254- The next four years will challenge both the government and opposition.
2255- The few African countries that already have such institutions in place--among them South Africa, Kenya, Nigeria, Ghana, Zambia, and Senegal--are clearly moving in the right direction.
2256- Yet I find myself in sharp disagreement with the Bush administration.
2257- We will intensify our cooperation on security sector reform.
2258- Sadly, we are doing less than is possible to prevent things from getting worse and doing less than necessary to protect ourselves from the consequences.
2259- Without your invasion, we Communists would not have won."
2260- Fifth, Cambodia has a shortage of highly qualified lawyers, because the legal profession was nearly wiped out by the Khmer Rouge.
2261- The question is not whether Europe should move toward a market-based financial system. The real question is whether Europe retains the political will to continue to do so, and whether EU countries can strengthen the institutions necessary to reap the full benefits of financial markets.
2262- George W. Bush presented himself not as a normal conservative, but as something he called a "compassionate conservative," thus preserving a certain amount of ambiguity.
2263- One sometimes wonders whether we are experiencing not so much the end of history as the end of enlightened history, perhaps of the enlightenment itself.
2264- A quarter of Cambodia's population of eight million was executed, starved to death, or succumbed to disease during the Khmer Rouge's rule from 1975-79.
2265- The passionate debate stirred up by Sharon's plan shows how truly revolutionary his proposal is.
2266- Some act irresponsibly and with little accountability.
2267- It is perhaps regrettable but nonetheless real that democracy finds roots more easily if economic conditions improve.
2268- Self-help has replaced the discredited notion that foreign countries will come to Russia's rescue.
2269- It would be an irony of historic proportions if a country that has benefited more than most others from EU integration should block the entry of countries in even more desperate conditions than Ireland was 30 years ago.
2270- America made comparable errors in Guatemala and elsewhere in Latin America.
2271- Hustlers thrive, the weak watch passively.
2272- The composition of South Africa's exports to China supports these concerns.
2273- Totalitarianism, not political reform, is their livelihood.
2274- The neo-cons are also gleeful as they suspect that the road towards "regime change" in Iran may opened, because, with a hardliner as president, American and Western opinion may now find subversion or military strikes much more palatable.
2275- The Media War on Terror
2276- Even the UN--the institution that Schröder was supposedly defending--has been diminished by his fecklessness.
2277- Germany's economic development will have to be observed well into the next full decade in order to judge the potential for a structural trend reversal.
2278- An open Japan would, by definition, be more outward-looking, would speak better English so that it could communicate across Asia and the world, would be more influenced by foreign ideas - including ideas concerning war guilt.
2279- So once again Russians must face how ineffective their military is.
2280- Although the US and China are the world's two primary producers of greenhouse gases -- the US being the largest -- neither has signed the Kyoto Protocol, which commits countries to cut carbon emissions 5% below 1990 levels by 2008-12.
2281- At a critical moment for Sri Lanka's peace process, President Kumaratunga was so incensed by the policies of her political rival, Prime Minister Wickremessinghe, that she sacked three of his ministers and called elections almost four years early.
2282- This is misleading.
2283- Second, Hong Kong has an international image to maintain, and in international politics what is perceived is often as important as what really happens.
2284- Knowing that any slippage today will need to be dealt with tomorrow, they exercise their best judgment.
2285- Gazprom's ambitions for gaining control of pipeline and energy transport infrastructure must be slowed, which requires allowing independent producers to prosper. Indeed, independent producers already account for 20% of domestic gas sales in Russia.
2286- Let us hope that, emerging out of today's scandals, there will be a renewed commitment to live up to these ideals and to strengthen the institutions that were designed to enforce them.
2287- In 1997, he established a movement called the Social Committee For the Moral Revival of the Fatherland.
2288- We know that sooner or later they will stop believing these stories, and we know what will happen when they do.
2289- Taiwan has also allowed mini-links to be opened so that the residents of Kinmen (an offshore island) and Xiamen (a port city of China) can enjoy unrestrained travel across the Strait.
2290- The traditional Atlantic alliance was replaced by what the US called "coalitions of the willing," where "the mission determines the coalition," not historic alliances.
2291- My research has focused on the consequences of asymmetries in information for the functioning of the economy.
2292- Even when politicians don't lead, it is still possible for committed individuals and voluntary organizations to change the world.
2293- There is a significant chance that with Americans' savings rate at dismally low levels - sustained last year by car purchases and home refinancing - consumer spending may moderate.
2294- Indeed, India has mostly succeeded in ending the chill that set in after 1998, when it declared China to be the main target of its nuclear weapons.
2295- In recent weeks European defense ministers suggested that increases in military expenditures should be excluded from the budget constraints imposed by the Euro stability pact.
2296- The IFF will not simply transfer funds to the World Bank and let it decide how they are dispersed.
2297- It opened the way for 75 years of Soviet communism, and set in motion the financial instability that led to the Great Depression as well as the collapse of the international trading system.
2298- The problem for Palestinian moderates is clear: any leader willing to agree a peace treaty with Israel would be opposed - passionately and even violently - by roughly 80% of the movement.
2299- During President George W. Bush's first term, Secretary of State Colin Powell understood and referred to soft power, whereas Rumsfeld, when asked about soft power in 2003, replied "I don't know what it means."
2300- Such practical approaches can solve many of the key problems of extreme poverty.
2301- A decade ago, Maxim Boycko of Russia, Vladimir Korobov of Ukraine, and I conducted a study of economic attitudes towards capitalism, comparing the US, Russia, Ukraine, Japan, East Germany, and West Germany.
2302- It knew that the rest of Russia's colonies -- the so-called "Soviet republics" -- would want to follow the ungrateful Baltic countries into freedom.
2303- All this, and currency stabilization, made for an economic boom in Argentina that lasted until 1995, as foreign investors poured money in.
2304- Previously, I was twice arrested on charges that even Mr. Kuchma's tame courts failed to pursue.
2305- Such an integrated policy approach is needed to ensure that the basic rights of Roma are truly realized in an expanded Europe.
2306- He used the example of three (now forgotten) bestselling authors of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries to show the deep aversion of many Germans to the modern world, notably to market economics and democratic politics.
2307- Witness the migration of peoples and religions, or trade along the ancient silk route that connected medieval Europe and Asia.
2308- True, America's role in NATO -- that ingenious device through which America retains, with Europe's blessing, an institutionalized influence over the continent -- would diminish.
2309- Bush, in contrast, believes that terrorism is rooted in the absence of political and economic opportunity.
2310- A repressor of feelings?
2311- Non-economists find it hard to understand why it took the NBER so long to decide that the US recession was over.
2312- Yes, Ahmadinejad will probably find a way to re-escalate the conflict.
2313- The warning "Beware of the valley of tears!" is thus the one that must be taken most seriously by those responsible for rebuilding an Iraq scarred by the terrors of dictatorship and the ravages of war.
2314- Indeed, since 1991, when a balance-of-payments crisis loomed, India has been shedding its socialist legacies and posting 7.5% average annual GDP growth -- only marginally slower than China.
2315- Ever since financial capital began moving freely around the globe, crisis has followed crisis, with the IMF called upon to put together rescue packages of ever larger size.
2316- At home, Merkel can hope to reap the rewards.
2317- Who can argue?
2318- At a Jerusalem Day rally at Tehran University in December 2001, he uttered one of the regime's most sinister threats.
2319- There is something clearly wrong with that argument.
2320- You can't produce if you are chanting slogans or spying on friends.
2321- The World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg and the new WTO round are both important means to this end.
2322- The Consortium recently assessed 270 individuals from four populations with ancestry in Africa, Asia or Europe (known as the HapMap collection) to construct a new map of the human genome.
2323- But at the same time--perhaps because no one was looking--a critical breakthrough occurred in the Convention for the Future of Europe, where the European Union's new constitution is being framed.
2324- Moreover, the cure can be worse than the disease.
2325- Other difficulties are intrinsic to the tasks: reforming the pension system, making labor markets more flexible, decentralizing responsibilities to the regions while maintaining a tight budget.
2326- When American troops were captured in Iraq, President Bush said that he expects them to be treated humanely.
2327- The Netherlands, in particular, has been subjected to a relentless campaign of vilification.
2328- Last month, the Afghan leadership finally adopted -- albeit half-heartedly -- a transitional justice plan that could remove from power the biggest war criminals who have consolidated their grip on the country over the past five years.
2329- These look like reasonable conditions to any outside observer.
2330- To tie Europe closer to Africa, British Prime Minister Tony Blair even proposed eliminating the European Union's agricultural subsidies under the Common Agricultural Policy.
2331- Worse still, the war on terror was counterproductive.
2332- 4.3
2333- Yet Botswana averaged 8.7% annual economic growth over the past thirty years, while Sierra Leone plunged into civil strife.
2334- Over the longer term, increased food yields could be turned into sustained economic growth.
2335- Immediate debt restructuring on a grand scale, biting the bullet and accepting a few painful years of retrenchment.
2336- Siegel himself recently projected only a 6% average real return for US stocks over the next four decades.
2337- One of the Union's fundamental principles is that there should be freedom to move from one member country to another.
2338- The decision to go to war against Iraq to liberate Kuwait, back in 1991, marked the beginning of America's role as the sole hegemonic military power in the region.
2339- Without subsidies, it would not pay for Americans to produce much cotton; with them, the US is the world's largest cotton exporter.
2340- Democracy may come to Iraq, and the will of the people will be to stop the plunder of their country's natural resources by US crony capitalists.
2341- The role of the state, the market, and the region's place in the global economy all need urgent attention and discussion.
2342- To achieve the reforms of the budget process that it wants, the US will need to lead the way in persuading the other permanent members of the Council to give the General Assembly a greater role in the process.
2343- Yet there has been little forward motion in opening up world trade for nearly a decade.
2344- Inflationary expectations are stable, and the Governing Council runs smoothly.
2345- The other serious issue of a constitutional nature is that of levels of government.
2346- Making that difficult passage from closed to open society was a necessary step for the states of Central and Eastern Europe to become candidate members and - perhaps soon - full members of the EU.
2347- Most directly, global warming is projected to double the number of deaths related to heat waves by 2020.
2348- Fertility reductions in the richer parts of the world have already brought population growth rates close to zero.
2349- Murdered when France and Germany refused to abide by its rules, the Stability Pact's ghost is haunting Europe, particularly the postcommunist countries that join the European Union in May.
2350- No African man is supposed to be gay, and physical contact between men is presumed to be innocent.
2351- For Saudi Arabia is a country in which both rulers and ruled are equally arch- conservative, adhering, for the last two centuries, to the puritanical Wahhabi doctrine of Islam.
2352- Since then, it has continued to insist that its arguments for invading Iraq are beyond criticism, while making a mess of the postwar administration by refusing to share authority.
2353- Their first inclination is to defend these electoral democracies on the grounds they no longer engage in killing or in torture.
2354- By developing and disclose to the public a compelling rationale for what will determine the exchange rate when the time comes, the financial markets would then be able to forecast the future reference exchange rate more precisely.
2355- Corruption, of course, is endemic to the former Soviet countries.
2356- This makes it a good deal for everyone - for people who expect more cooperation and more concrete results from the Union, but also for those concerned about excessive interference by Europe in questions that can be better dealt with by the member states themselves.
2357- Movies produced for the sexual gratification of consumers reveal cultural norms of restriction, transgression, and otherness.
2358- We see this contrast being acted out on the ground.
2359- In 2005, it widened further, and the dollar only strengthened.
2360- It is long past time for a complete change of personnel at all levels of the Bush administration.
2361- Islam is a faith. It must be believed.
2362- So China and the US are on a collision course, a replay of the Bretton Woods crisis.
2363- Today, drawing the boundaries of anti-Semitism is difficult, because much of the world disapproves of Israel's military crackdown in the occupied West Bank and Gaza strip.
2364- It is a very modern model, perhaps in transition to something else.
2365- America, as the most powerful and ethical country in the world, has a unique responsibility to perform."
2366- When Capital Markets Fail
2367- Post-EU Depression
2368- Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors, perhaps even excommunicating them, by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future.
2369- Finally, there is the example of politicians like George W. Bush, who enacted a government program that promises comprehensive drug benefits to the elderly and mammoth profits to pharmaceutical companies.
2370- Thus, feeling very sad has become "depressive disorder."
2371- Cellular phones were used as timers in the attacks in Madrid last March.
2372- In 1974, I published a paper entitled "The genetics of Caenorhabditis elegans ," also known as the nematode.
2373- At the same time, the US can be cautious about involving Japan in Taiwan issues -- a neuralgic point for China -- while encouraging the development of Asian institutions that increase contacts and dampen conflict.
2374- Boundaries drawn in colonial times, even if unchanged after independence, still create problems, especially in Africa.
2375- Whether or not developing countries benefited was of little concern.
2376- Indeed, Iran has shown its ability to behave with startling pragmatism more than once, not least in its links to Israel and the United States during its war against Iraq in the 1980's, and in its assistance to the Americans in the war against the Taliban in Afghanistan.
2377- With many battles ahead in the fight against AIDS, TB and malaria, it would be a disgrace if this opportunity is squandered.
2378- Rhetoric about "the world's two largest democracies" is not new, but it fits with the Bush administration's new emphasis on promoting democracy.
2379- Instead of proposing reforms to the electorate and then implementing them on the strength of a clear democratic mandate, the few serious reforms in the past 20 years have been presented as being externally imposed -- mainly to comply with European Union requirements.
2380- This gave rise to serious discussion about instituting permanent direct air links to aid bilateral trade flow.
2381- But Soviet soft power was undercut by the exposure of Stalin's crimes in 1956, and by the repression in Hungary in 1956, Czechoslovakia in 1968, and Poland in 1981.
2382- However, only the dishonest politician equates politics exclusively with popularity.
2383- Torture and the Politics of Ambiguity
2384- He will still retain that conviction even if he fails, although the price he will pay is certain to be high.
2385- Shimon Peres, a former prime minister and Labor party leader, appeals to many voters from the left.
2386- The outcome was a victory for Turkish democracy and recognized as such internationally.
2387- Even before new technologies produce that amount of fuel, the US could switch to imports from Nigeria, Venezuela, and other countries.
2388- What are the EU's long-term interests vis-à-vis Turkey?
2389- The inevitable result has been the IMF's inability to manage crises, incomprehension of the needs of transition economies, and a failure to promote development.
2390- Although the START-2 Treaty confirmed the ABM Treaty's importance, it also implied that new and more radical steps towards disarmament would follow.
2391- The most recent threats are towards the new Hamas-led government in Palestine.
2392- But China has seen a steady decentralization of power in recent years, making it harder for SEPA to affect policies at the regional and local levels.
2393- 2.5
2394- But, as Latin America's left claims more governments -- today in Brazil, Chile, Venezuela, Uruguay, and partly Argentina, and perhaps Mexico, Bolivia, and Nicaragua in the near future -- there is no reason why it should be immune from the region's eternal ills.
2395- Moreover, sooner or later, a new power will rise in Russia.
2396- In the corridors around my office, all the economists agree that this factor should have pushed US interest rates up three years ago.
2397- The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has made it a lot more difficult to repeat the kinds of things that Enron and Arthur Anderson did.
2398- uncertainties arising from the unfinished "war on terrorism";
2399- Empirical studies by earth scientists have revealed all too often that the capacity of natural systems to absorb disturbances is not unlimited.
2400- For example, the roughly decennial revisions of the World Health Organization's International Classification of Diseases (ICD) partly reflect advances in scientific understanding of diseases and injuries.
2401- So officials in Washington seem to be more , not less, sensitive to regional unemployment than officials in regional Fed offices!
2402- Among other high-growth countries, Vietnam's current account is essentially balanced, and India has only a small deficit.
2403- So it is noteworthy that, as the US-led invasion of Iraq--and with it, America's clash with the Islamic world--grows more heated, Russia's battle with Muslim Chechens may be waning into something like peace.
2404- Can the old dog learn new tricks?
2405- Following the Internet boom of the late 1990's, job creation slowed, while efficiency improvements continued to reduce the labor required by the "old" goods and services.
2406- But Afghanistan's potential for progress must be bolstered by concerted international action.
2407- Our ugly pre-Christmas ritual butchery can be christened a "traditional, folk custom," a sacred rite deeply embedded in the fabric of Romanian nationhood.
2408- But these two prominent, national membership organizations may succeed in dampening Islamic militancy where the government, afraid of waging the battle it must fight, has failed dismally.
2409- Elections, in such a case, may not even be wise at all - indeed, they may prove to be counterproductive.
2410- His inference was that, unless Party leaders were careful, this capitalist bird would literally burst out of its socialist cage, spelling an end to China's Marxist-Leninist revolution.
2411- Both President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair urgently need a plausible exit strategy from Iraq.
2412- Greg Mankiw thought a bunch of reporters were coming to talk to him about the state of the economy and the analysis made by the Council of Economic Advisers in its "2004 Economic Report of the President."
2413- I served on the International Panel for Climate Change in the mid-1990's, reviewing the scientific evidence concerning the magnitude of increases in greenhouse gasses and their economic and social consequences.
2414- Losers lose the most, but winners also are worse off than if peace had been maintained.
2415- This they did.
2416- By common consent, the recent EU summit at Stockholm was a dull affair.
2417- In the nineteenth century, the joint interests of the authoritarian Russian, German, and Austrian Empires prevented the establishment of a free Poland: such unholy alliances have no place in the twenty-first century.
2418- Jordan: The Fire Next Door
2419- A state can threaten death, but, as many totalitarian regimes have learned, no one is stronger - and possibly more dangerous - than those who have overcome the fear of death.
2420- The challenge for the neuropsychologist is to show how a disorder in the brain can lead to these bizarre experiences.
2421- The Bush administration raised military spending sharply as it went to war in Afghanistan and Iraq, and as it increased spending on national security at home, without ever explaining to the American people how this would be financed.
2422- The dictatorship of Mengistu Haile Mariam was Africa's most blood-curdling Marxist regime, and was replaced by today's ruling EPRDF, whose "Revolutionary Democracy" is but a more subtle variation on the same theme.
2423- In some ways, the end of a unipolar world could truly be the "Hour of Europe."
2424- A decline in long-term rates of such magnitude would thus appear to imply massive price inflation for real assets, justifying the high prices we are in fact seeing.
2425- The SDR donation scheme would activate resources that are currently idle, benefiting donors and recipients.
2426- These distortions, not any shortcomings of the single currency, account for the euro area's dismal economic performance.
2427- Most also agree that the rate of heating is accelerating and that the consequences could become increasingly disruptive.
2428- War is strengthening the hand of those who regard terror as the only effective weapon, thus creating a breeding ground for more violence, insecurity, and extremism across the Middle East.
2429- In the absence of government investment, local inhabitants' loyalty went to Iraqi Baathists who helped improve their lot.
2430- So while some members may walk out, Sharon can easily hold on to control of the party.
2431- Arguably, one of the most encouraging features of NEPAD is its recognition and public admission that without proper governance institutions in place, Africa will remain, poor, marginalized, and conflict ridden.
2432- Like his father, Assad is cautious.
2433- Why is Taiwan's relationship with China so intractable an issue?
2434- London comes to mind when thinking of an example of relative success in the face of extraordinary diversity.
2435- That's how it was done in the early days of the welfare state.
2436- Accordingly, vast resources have been mobilized and expended to counter its many forms.
2437- They will expand their pool of thinkers to include scientists from necessarily innovative regions.
2438- The IMF Is Bleeding Argentina to Death
2439- If the world - especially the US and other rich countries - shift a small amount of their military spending to meeting the needs of the world's poorest people, our generation could free humanity from poverty's iron grip.
2440- Historical records indicate, however, that these places were once covered by dense forests.
2441- Iran's long-standing opposition to relations with the US is a bit more complex.
2442- The budget calls for a surtax on incomes to help pay for increased social expenditures.
2443- Clearly, Chen's hatred of dictatorship, whether Communist or KMT, consumed him, limiting his ability to think clearly.
2444- In a sense it might be better to let such movements have a go at government and hope that they will fail - as have most of the current European groups of an antidemocratic ilk.
2445- It was one of those rare moments of opportunity when an amateur could compete with professionals.
2446- Otherwise the UN is nothing more than a handy mechanism for outsourcing political blame.
2447- The closed nature of Japanese society and the dearth of ideas are partly attributable to the linguistic barrier.
2448- By April, all had been sentenced to 14-27 years in prison.
2449- Cooperation is possible.
2450- The phrase has no deeper meaning.
2451- These countries have small populations, easy access to international trade, natural resources, and peaceful neighbors.
2452- The US claims that it helps the world fight poverty, but instead spends its money on weapons.
2453- Imperial Germany was not threatened by Russian industrial dominance in the way von Moltke feared, and its military calculations also failed.
2454- When the World Bank sought private discussions with IMF on the policy implications of East Asia's crisis, it was largely spurned.
2455- If Russia is going to throw its weight around, it is better to have allies among those affected.
2456- High prices also enabled the Coalition Provisional Authority to add even more private security personnel to protect refineries and pipelines.
2457- He linked the various strands of popular myth with historically frightful characters to cement the association of Eastern Europe with obscurantism and darkness in the popular imagination of the West.
2458- The US-led invasion of Iraq called into question the efficacy of today's international system.
2459- For example, Europe has made little progress in formulating a common energy policy, leaving it increasingly dependent on Russia, which has not hesitated to exploit its bargaining position.
2460- Initially, this may be an issue for the military.
2461- When in doubt, the principle of subsidiarity suggests that national states remain supreme;
2462- At the moment, administration insiders are trying to convince elite journalists that Bush did not deceive outsiders about Saddam Hussein's nuclear weapons program.
2463- It is often argued that Continental Europe's social and economic model, which seeks to combine competitiveness with solidarity, is the glue that binds the European Union together, as well as distinguishing Europe from the American (or Anglo-Saxon) free-market model.
2464- Which statement is true and which is false?
2465- The mere existence of a common currency is no guarantee that everyone will agree about what its value should be.
2466- There is a growing sense that we may have lost our way, put too much emphasis on material self-interest, too little emphasis on shared interests.
2467- Yet even that is uncertain: before Beslan, the response to terrorist attacks in Ingushetia and Chechnya consisted of efforts to form additional traditional military divisions.
2468- The first is a compulsion to be the first to establish completely trivial facts about science.
2469- A much larger one (among the thousands of dangerously large asteroids in orbits that intersect the earth's) could strike the earth and cause the total extinction of the human race through a combination of shock waves, fire, tsunamis, and blockage of sunlight, wherever it struck.
2470- Those left alive rested their heads on the cool stomachs of the newly dead for some relief from the heat.
2471- If that is true, what should we think of today's mounting economic nationalism, sometimes euphemistically described as "economic patriotism"?
2472- One priority is to reduce global payments imbalances.
2473- It is simple, clear and thus attractive, although they do try to avoid populist temptations.
2474- Iraq's government knows exactly what it needs to do to hide its weapons of mass destruction.
2475- Now it is up to the government to use the judicial system to impose the rule of law.
2476- The security policy of the Bush administration has been worse than frightening; it has been, to borrow one of the president's most frequent utterances nowadays, terrifying.
2477- Was it bad luck, miscalculation, or bureaucratic error?
2478- Despite a moribund economy, Castro still delivers what the majority of Latin American residents fail to get - free health care and education and a relatively drug- and crime-free environment.
2479- By contrast, the regime itself will be imperiled if it clings to its narrow base.
2480- Another consideration essential to fighting a proxy war is to prevent the proxy from appearing the stooge of the principal agent.
2481- Globalization stands accused of generating economic instability in developing countries and greatly exacerbating poverty, at least in the short run--which is the longest period the world's poor can afford to care about.
2482- Fortunately, Yushchenko's camp is painfully aware that time is short and that they must act fast.
2483- - The West promised to continue enlargement at the Washington Summit of April 1999.
2484- Desperate for any assistance at all, Bolivia's governments ultimately uprooted thousands of hectares of peasant crops--and got almost nothing in return but a lot of phony slogans about alternative development.
2485- Its despots and monarchs owe their positions to the machinations and connivance of the West.
2486- The cost of sending such help would be around $50 million, and the benefits would be $200 million to $300 million in increased food production next year (and hence less needed in emergency food aid).
2487- Opposition to serious reforms to protect human subjects in research comes from two groups: the pharmaceutical industry and universities.
2488- Nothing can ever diminish what was at stake -- and the victory that has been won -- on the streets of Kyiv.
2489- The correlation with ownership separation is striking: a sample of the 20 largest firms in each country shows that, whereas 90% of the US companies have no shareholder with more than a 20% stake, none of the Italian, French, or German firms have such highly dispersed ownership.
2490- The Big Bang of Economic Freedom
2491- Like China, India views Central Asia as an important future energy supplier.
2492- Latin America's Education Deficit
2493- Illicit Afghan networks, replicating well-known methods that organized crime has applied successfully for decades in other parts of the world, are mobile and resourceful, and can plug into a range of legal economic activities to sustain themselves.
2494- This prospect literally gives me the shivers. Not only may the future be less radiant, but the adjustments that will be required once reality sets in could set off a nastier recession and a more persistent slowing of the economy than anything predicted today.
2495- Several factors underpin this new American attitude toward India.
2496- The Rising Power of NGO's
2497- They described it as having been upsetting, confusing, and disturbing, but not traumatic in the sense of being overwhelmingly terrifying.
2498- This is a second-best solution.
2499- If we take this metaphor at face value, there is a surprising consequence.
2500- But Resolution 1441 also empowers the inspectors to gather intelligence about Iraq's weapons and weapon-making capabilities through in-depth interviews with Iraqi experts, either inside or outside the country, but certainly without Iraqi-government minders present.
2501- The founders passed the torch on to the generation of Jacques Delors, Helmut Kohl, François Mitterrand, Václav Havel, Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, and others. They broadened and deepened European cooperation.
2502- ASEAN's leaders have ignored the lessons offered first by the Common Market, and then the European Union.
2503- In eternal Russia, nothing changes when it comes to monetary management.
2504- Intellectual and cultural ties were reinforced by travel, so that statements such as Montesquieu's--that ``Europe is just one nation made up of many''--flowed naturally.
2505- Although 81% of the respondents said fear of job loss had no effect on their decision to buy a house, of those who said it did, the number who said it encouraged home purchase outnumbered those who said it discouraged home purchase by a margin of two to one.
2506- The first term of George W. Bush's presidency was marked by unilateralism and military power.
2507- Wallenberg was a Swede.
2508- The international community must be guided in their actions by a common conviction that violence is never a viable solution.
2509- Governments provide these "guarantees" when they bail out failing banks; central banks when they commit to peg an exchange rate; the international community when it provides financial rescue packages to countries in trouble.
2510- EU Commission President Romano Prodi has proposed a scheme to strengthen the Union's executive.
2511- The Europeans could have tipped the balance decisively in favor of the reformers by finally rewarding the efforts of the pro-EU Turks at last December's summit of EU leaders.
2512- Many life-saving drugs, notably those used to fight AIDS, are produced under patents mainly by US and European pharmaceutical companies.
2513- To be sure, global warming is real, and it is caused by CO2.
2514- It is no accident that the democratic process has emerged most smoothly where there was some external power to back up the constitution.
2515- As Theodore Roosevelt once said, negotiations may go better when you talk softly but carry a big stick.
2516- In addition, the huge Soviet defense budget began to undermine other aspects of Soviet society.
2517- Anything that violates traditional gender stereotypes is severely sanctioned in Mexican society; therein lies the true foundation of homophobia.
2518- Maybe the best news about CAFTA is that the US Congress is reluctant to take it on during an election year.
2519- China is quickly turning into one of the world's largest importers of oil and gas.
2520- Dozens of leaders of opposition groups--most unknown to the outside world--were imprisoned in recent years.
2521- How does China's founding myth stand up to reality?
2522- The truth of a racist belief is not the issue.
2523- Europe's Military Revolution
2524- After all, they are living in deeply confusing times.
2525- If Bachelet, who has already served as Minister of Health and Minister of Defense, is to succeed as president, she must transform this other Chile, where 18% of the population is poor, and 5% indigent.
2526- As the government proposed to introduce an anti-subversion law and strengthened its control over the civil service, they became guarded in what they said and tightlipped about mentioning the pressures from above.
2527- In America, many efficient new firms (mini-mills) were indeed created, but yesterday's lumbering giants stood still.
2528- Instead, donor governments and the World Bank have insisted for years that impoverished countries cut financing to these villages, under the guise of promoting "macroeconomic stability" -- a polite way of demanding debt repayment -- and reflecting the ideological delusion that the private sector will step in.
2529- But forcing such changes on his coalition partners could be as difficult for Prodi as tackling Italy's daunting economic problems.
2530- No surprise, then, that new attention is being focused on energy supplies.
2531- Countless millions of them inhabit the gut of every human being.
2532- This time, however, we must resolve to remember Zoran Djindjic's cause--political and economic liberty--more than his blood sacrifice.
2533- To be sure, managing a melting pot is not easy, and many of America's social problems are related to difficult race relations.
2534- But reform won't happen without the right majority in the Council of Ministers.
2535- A flu pandemic will require triage on many levels, including not only decisions about which patients are likely to benefit from scarce commodities such as drugs, vaccines, and ventilators, but also broader public policy choices about how best -- among, literally, a world of possibilities -- to expend resources.
2536- Even though in 2001 the share of GDP devoted to IT investment was about the same in the EU and in the US, this was due to recent, concentrated bursts in Europe, as well as to the rapid investment slowdown in the US after the dot.com bubble burst.
2537- This hierarchical structure of complex causal systems seduces us into a sense of understanding at a high level, which is then mistaken for having an understanding at a lower level.
2538- Structural adjustment programs demanded by the IMF and the World Bank ended up transforming these countries into dumping grounds for over-subsidized Western agricultural surpluses and over-priced and obsolete manufactured goods.
2539- Some small countries do not like streamlining the Commission, and the proposed cutback in the number of Commissioners from member states.
2540- Academics are easily flattered by talk about "knowledge management" and the "knowledge society."
2541- Populists effectively converted these memories into a political force that rejected efforts leading to globalization and an open society.
2542- Monarchic and theocratic systems have both failed.
2543- Farmers were left with a pink grain that they were told not to eat, only to plant.
2544- Doomsday for the Dollar?
2545- Today, what might be considered electoral democracies are found throughout the region.
2546- Laurent Fabius, Martine Aubry, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, Jack Lang, and even Hollande are all former senior ministers who neutralized each other, while Lionel Jospin, the former Prime Minister, decided to put an end to his political career after his defeat in 2002.
2547- It is home to three of the top twenty-five multinational brand names (Toyota, Honda, and Sony).
2548- Finally, Lebanon must elect a new president.
2549- In response to the recent wave of terrorist attacks, Vladimir Putin has demanded that even more power be vested in him.
2550- Ecuador's election demonstrates the growing strength of Indians and other groups estranged from governments that adhere too closely to policies dictated from Washington.
2551- To a large extent, Sarkozy can be seen as Chirac with more, whereas Royal is clearly Mitterrand with less.
2552- Failures in Indonesia, Thailand, and Korea of 1997 were followed by failures in Russia and Brazil the next year: in those cases, attempts to maintain exchange rates at overvalued levels left taxpayers in those countries billions of dollars poorer.
2553- Such could provide inspiration for the entire region, including its postcommunist countries, where a huge potential for growth exists.
2554- Jordan's participation in both stages is crucial.
2555- All this clustering resulted in state-of-the-art production and cutting-edge business.
2556- Death at an early age ended their lives.
2557- The very people who in 2000 called Putin a man they could do business with are having second thoughts.
2558- For example, tests administered by the OECD in 2003 found that Brazilian students ranked last in mathematics among 40 countries.
2559- Outside Parliament, even on television, Blair confronts groups that emphatically demand peace.
2560- In 2003, it came through the SARS epidemic with banners flying.
2561- As a result, France suffers from growing inequality, high and still-rising unemployment, constant corporate restructurings entailing layoffs, threats to public services and social welfare programs, and a general feeling of insecurity.
2562- A similar solution should be found for the European Constitution. Europe cannot preach cultural pluralism and practice constitutional imperialism.
2563- They only made it easier for people, in those areas of the world where there is a half-believable story about a fabulous future economy, to indulge their fantasies.
2564- As a result, postcommunists prefer to place their offspring in lucrative commercial jobs where they can pile up foreign-currency fortunes.
2565- What conclusions can be drawn today from the Cuban Missile Crisis?
2566- Indeed, the UN estimates that just six countries prescribe 78% of the total legal production of opiates, implying shortages of opium-based painkillers in many of the UN's 185 other member states.
2567- The IMF (responsible for issuing SDRs) could issue them, or a new institution could be created to decide on quantity and allocations.
2568- Even if national parliaments tried to come to grips with such developments, they would fail.
2569- Local Fatah officials want support from their leader, Yassir Arafat, to take firm control of the territory.
2570- Its voice should be heard on matters ranging from terrorism and weapons proliferation to global climate change and energy policy.
2571- Unlike in the case of Mexico, East Asia, and Argentina, the dollar is America's currency.
2572- This task will be as important over the next decade as integrating Central and Eastern Europe into the West was in the 1990's.
2573- One reason is the ongoing personalisation of politics that is taking place everywhere in the world.
2574- Germany owes its transformation in part to a combination of three factors: a backlog of unexploited technological opportunities to fuel rapid income growth, nearly full employment, and a state that shared the benefits of growth widely through public programs (rather than serving one class or interest as a weapon to concentrate wealth and power).
2575- By this one encyclical, John Paul II moved Church teaching from the Middle Ages to modernity.
2576- Indeed, next year is the centenary of the Russo-Japanese War.
2577- This question has faced the EU from its beginning, and until now member governments answered it by proceeding at the pace of the most reluctant.
2578- There is a taint of hypocrisy in a more fundamental sense.
2579- Yet "peacemaking" (one of those tasks) could cover anything from Operation Alba -- which in 1997 saw Italy lead a 6000-strong European force into Albania to suppress anarchy -- to an attack on Sierra Leone rebels resisting UN peacekeepers, to Gulf War type conflicts.
2580- Putin's Soft Authoritarianism
2581- In the 19th century, and in the interwar and depression years of the 20th century, international default came in buckets.
2582- Its election campaign took on a vilifying tone, charging that the opposition was bent on destroying ethnic groups through genocide.
2583- 
2584- The Arabs Look Inward
2585- Barbarous thinking comes easily, and right-wingers fuel the fervor, as when Rush Limbaugh said on his radio program "They're the ones who are perverted.
2586- What prevented America and India getting closer together before this was the nuclear non-proliferation pothole.
2587- So we have to ask the hard question: if we can't do it all, what should we do first?
2588- Along with President Bush, he would be acclaimed as a great leader, while voices of dissent and opposition would be silenced.
2589- It is difficult to believe that they were the only ones so inclined.
2590- The global economic downturn has led most of the world to rally together, not only in the hunt for the terrorists, but in reinforcing global cooperation.
2591- This August, they passed up the opportunity to mark the 90th anniversary of the start of World War I, which led to calamities that echoed until the twentieth century's end.
2592- Incredibly, the actions of the richest countries -- which promised solidarity with the world's poorest people at the G-8 Summit in July -- have intensified the hunger crisis.
2593- The mission in Lebanon is a high-risk one for the UN force, and for Europe in particular.
2594- None of this is new, nor will it be changed by an election.
2595- The gardener doesn't "conquer" his or her plants, but studies them to produce the garden that is desired.
2596- It quickly became a story of "rich versus poor," widely cited as an example of high-level corruption.
2597- By 1950, China's share of world GDP had fallen to under 5%, while all of Asia accounted for just 18%, the biggest chunk of which was attributable to Japan, despite its defeat in WWII.
2598- While these pseudo-religions collapsed, a benevolent ideology of social democracy dominated much of Europe.
2599- Even then, we know from history that it takes but one Enabling Law to unhinge the rule of law and replace it by an ideological tyranny, as happened when Hitler came to power in Germany.
2600- The US should not, however, make the establishment of a full Palestinian democracy a prerequisite for territorial return and peace.
2601- The rejection of my nomination was, according to many, just another political battle: you win some, you lose some, but you cannot say that you have been unfairly discriminated against simply because you lost.
2602- Had Argentina not privatized, its budget would have been roughly in balance.
2603- In so doing, America must treat South Korea as a full partner with its own voice in making decisions that affect its security interests.
2604- Kazakhstan's elections mark a big step forward.
2605- Globalization's advocates are right that it has the potential to raise everyone's living standards.
2606- In Poland, the deficit is also moving close to 6% of GDP, up from 2.9% in 2001.
2607- Last month, we observed the third anniversary of the day that awakened America to a new world, when extremists killed thousands of innocent people on American soil.
2608- This was demonstrated by the rapid growth of output and incomes that followed the arrival of the so-called "peace dividend" which came with the Cold War's end.
2609- Taiwan is also the driving force in China's high-tech industries.
2610- The UN conference won't be easy.
2611- While Taiwanese athletes competed in the recent Athens Olympics, advertisements supporting the team were removed on its arrival at Athens airport.
2612- Many people believe that it does, and seek to explain phenomena ranging from guerrilla insurgencies to Islamist terrorism accordingly.
2613- Bush's Gambling Debts
2614- Firm commitments at Riga of more allied troops and equipment for the ISAF and fewer national "caveats" must be part of the answer.
2615- Humala denies everything, and none of the allegations has harmed him.
2616- The Constitutional Treaty includes guarantees to ensure that the EU adheres to this principle strictly.
2617- But much of this discussion is merely a form of "political correctness." It is more reassuring - and "feels better" - to tell Europeans that growth is sluggish because society is not sufficiently knowledge-based, rather than pointing to the trade-off between vacations and growth.
2618- Without competition, lowering tariffs may merely be reflected in higher profit margins for a monopoly importer.
2619- Today, there is a higher level of bankruptcy in the United States than in the European Union, and it is easier for bankrupt Americans to embark on new ventures.
2620- The problem began in the late 1960's and early 1970's, when Iraq experienced a series of abysmal harvests.
2621- This scenario is worrying if the WTO does not get out of its rut, because a world economy that has been sliced up regionally will be dominated by discrimination, knots of red tape, and power plays.
2622- But the US believes that even this is not enough: it will interpret these rules in ways which suit its political interests, bending and breaking them at will, challenging those who do not like it to do something about it.
2623- Divide enough, stoke enough resentment, and a nation becomes nothing more than a ruined society within a national territory.
2624- As one columnist notably said, Israel has become "the object of hate that dare not speak its name."
2625- For the first time, an Arab parliament had voted a head of state out of office and asserted its will in choosing the successor.
2626- America's foreign policy elite increasingly came to perceive the US as a Gulliver tied down and oppressed by political midgets, with their laws of nations, treaties, and multilateral institutions.
2627- it must respect the central role of member states and it must maintain the balance between larger and smaller members;
2628- The Bush administration's response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that, while they might send their boys to fight America's wars, they had not only been left behind in America's prosperity, but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most.
2629- But this soft power was undercut by the inefficiency of the occupation, the mistreatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib, and the policy -- initiated by Rumsfeld -- of detainment without hearings at Guantánamo.
2630- Where relevant information for companies was available, the comparable distribution of employees was also examined.
2631- The prevailing attitude in Taiwan toward reunification is highly skeptical; enactment of strict security laws in Hong Kong will hardly be seen as reassuring.
2632- It cannot explain why pain involves emotion and cognition.
2633- The Middle East's secular states confront different problems.
2634- Current oil revenues are barely enough to cover state expenses, let alone pay for reconstruction, debt, and war reparations.
2635- Beyond that, however, the power of the judiciary stems precisely from the assumption of independence which Hamilton regarded as crucial for their position.
2636- Because of Turkey's specific characteristics -- its size, geopolitical position, and religious traditions -- accession to the EU presents both great challenges and huge opportunities for the two sides.
2637- Its ship tonnage (excluding fleets that sail under flags of convenience) is the fourth largest in the world.
2638- Customary inflation forecasts and economic analysis alone are not a sufficient basis for monetary policy decisions.
2639- Despite several weeks of intense US pressure to soften - or even retract - the proposed law, China's leaders did little more than attempt to reinforce their position that "non-peaceful" (i.e., military) measures would serve strictly as a last resort - which had already been assumed anyway.
2640- Currency boards, with their strict rules governing monetary policy, make sense only where governments adhere to their own laws and cannot change them by fiat.
2641- If it succeeds, Nehru's pledge, on the eve of Indian independence, "to wipe every tear from every eye," will finally be redeemed. India's Economic Performance : 1868-2000
2642- Historically, America's racial and ethnic divisions also inhibited the development of a homogeneous working-class culture and movement, which empowered socialist and Communist parties across Europe in the 20
2643- His Grameen Bank, founded in 1976 in Bangladesh, has offered tiny loans to some of the poorest people in the world, helping to lift many borrowers out of poverty.
2644- Other repercussions from those attacks remain as yet invisible.
2645- So he has turned to China for advice.
2646- Oil supply is likely to be vulnerable to political disruptions long before issues arise from overall scarcity of supply.
2647- A school of revisionist historians and anthropologists argue that caste is an invention of the colonial British Raj.
2648- 2.
2649- Emirs who need parliamentary approval to secure popular legitimacy must now reckon with the need to share power.
2650- Kerry vs. Bush: Will Reason Prevail?
2651- It will clearly be a government without the new Left Party.
2652- To deal with this problem, a draft EU constitution was submitted to member governments earlier this year, which would (among other things) expand the role of majority voting.
2653- As one former mining manager in the region told me, "The aim was always simple: get the assets out of the ground and out of the country as cheaply and with as little fuss as possible." Because the customer is abroad, and there is little processing to be done in country, why should companies upgrade local skills or otherwise help the host economy?
2654- By the late 1990's, the political scene almost everywhere came to be dominated by the desire to combine competitiveness and growth-induced wealth creation on the one hand with solidarity, justice, and social cohesion on the other.
2655- That we have cause to listen is clear, as the results of the first round of the French presidential elections demonstrate.
2656- The Gold Rush of East European politics produced political speculators who often focused on short-term gains, ever-ready to move their puny political "capital" from one party to another.
2657- But there is also far too much populist politicking, with promises of free water for farmers.
2658- This should not be a surprise, because the tumultuous Gorbachev and Yeltsin eras left the country exhausted.
2659- The implications of this approach extend far beyond disaster relief.
2660- But the EU can set an example of international cooperation that the US, under a different leadership -- which is bound to come -- would eventually emulate.
2661- It will also face the hostility of trade unions and perhaps the suspicions of European public opinion.
2662- Such an innovation would help stem the spread of nuclear materials and weapons, while also contributing to a shift away from use of oil and gas, thereby reducing global warming in the process.
2663- Viewed from the despairing perspective of today's crisis, this model seems like a dream.
2664- An analogous argument applies to the development of a more effective EU foreign policy.
2665- Over the last eight years, these narco-terrorists have murdered thousands of persons and kidnapped more than 6,000 hostages, including 140 foreigners.
2666- Unsuccessful firms are tossed aside to make way for new and better firms, and individuals who become economically less productive (often through no fault of their own) can also be "discarded" by the market, their careers interrupted and their investments cut to a fraction of their previous value.
2667- Are they right?
2668- But despite these expectations, Lula is unlikely to pursue anything like the chaotic "Bolivarian Revolution" Chávez unleashed.
2669- Three countries -- Pakistan, India, and North Korea -- have been allowed to develop nuclear weapons, proving that there are no remaining political or moral arguments against nuclear proliferation, only air strikes or bribery.
2670- Yet it is also home to 300 million of the world's poorest people.
2671- One year later, the UN and the Economic Community of West African States deployed soldiers as peacekeepers in neighboring Sierra Leone to guarantee a ceasefire in that country's near-decade-long conflict, instigated by rebels of the Revolutionary United Front.
2672- The official results do not reflect the true will of the people of Zimbabwe and are illegitimate in the eyes of the people.
2673- Among all the dozens of war crimes in international law, none mentions the element of disproportionate force.
2674- Some of the most powerful nations in the world still do not see fully cooperating with or participating in UN affairs as in their interest.
2675- We cannot afford to leave the Roma behind.
2676- However, excessive zeal and pursuit of cases with dubious economic justification, as has sometimes happened in merger cases, can do serious damage.
2677- On the contrary, the elite eight teams of the last four World Cups have included two "newcomers " that had never been quarterfinalists, such as Turkey and South Korea in 2002.
2678- Indeed, the joint IMF-World Bank Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative was launched in 1996 to coordinate efforts by multilateral organizations and governments to reduce poor countries' debt burdens to sustainable levels.
2679- The highest priority problem is the overall budget's medium-run outlook, as the Bush tax cuts have opened Reagan-size deficits that threaten to cripple US economic growth.
2680- From the outset of this conflict, it was clear that our Coalition had to go on the offensive against an enemy without country or conscience.
2681- Soon the House of Councillors will submit its final report.
2682- They benefit from broadband network environments, introductions to investors and financial angels, and exposure to each other.
2683- Do people seriously believe that the US has accomplished its majestic trade deficit by shutting its doors to foreign goods?
2684- Because the powerful sectoral interests that supported liberalization during the Uruguay Round -- information technology, financial services, telecommunications -- now have their own deals, the energy they once brought to the cause of broader trade liberalization has diminished sharply.
2685- International action can also help deal with global environmental problems.
2686- This document also provides an interesting glimpse into the preoccupations of officials like Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
2687- Forced neutrality risks turning the Baltics into a cordon sanitaire, a potentially disputed territory, or a mere zone of influence within which the Baltic nations are incorporated against their will.
2688- Indeed, China has developed the world's most sophisticated system of Internet blocking and censorship, thereby hiding information unfavorable to China's rulers from all but the most technologically savvy.
2689- The birthrate has increased somewhat beginning since 2000, and now stands near 1.5 million a year, but this is 700,000-800,000 below the replacement rate.
2690- These changes speeded up over recent months.
2691- Closing Europe's Defense Deficit
2692- If we demand better economic and political journalism the way we demand excellent coverage of the World Cup, we'll get it.
2693- In addition to all the deaths, the net result of this, Cedillo found, was that unlicensed drivers cost Californians some $831 million a year in uninsured motorist coverage.
2694- Chávez has strong support among the poor, who reacted with fury when he was overthrown two years ago.
2695- For now, Serbia's government has imposed a state of emergency.
2696- This requires that the promised Israeli disengagement from Gaza and parts of the West Bank succeed.
2697- If Fatah refuses to join a coalition, Hamas may opt for a government of independents and technocrats.
2698- Even if an economist correctly understands fundamentals, Dornbusch warned, that doesn't mean that markets do. In forecasting interest rates one is engaged not in examining fundamentals, but in predicting what average market opinion expects average market opinion about fundamentals to be.
2699- With the accession of 10 new members, the EU must become more integrated if it is to function.
2700- After the ouster of the Taliban last year, the $4.5 billion of reconstruction aid pledged to Afghanistan's new government demonstrated that a multilateral approach to reconstruction is possible.
2701- Like many corporations, China is moving most decisionmaking to the "business unit" level--semi-autonomous, self-governing economic region-states that compete fiercely against each other for capital, technology, and human resources (just as America's states do).
2702- The idea was that an individual could buy a computer and the software needed for a specific (and increasingly complicated) purpose, and immediately generate a productive result.
2703- In developed countries, the routine testing of older pregnant women, combined with the availability of abortion, has significantly reduced the incidence of conditions like Down syndrome.
2704- The Lessons of Perestroika, 20 Years After
2705- What are the implications for policymakers?
2706- In Argentina's case, high interest rates made it difficult for the government to service its debt by stifling economic growth and depressing tax revenues while inflating borrowing costs to prohibitive levels.
2707- In 2001, after two decades of democracy, it was 2.6.
2708- A jump in the market is what one might have expected.
2709- Under the deal agreed this week, it retains that control.
2710- 
2711- With Lithuania's independence it was cut off by land from Russia.
2712- But it is a misuse of that analysis to conclude that nothing can be done about unemployment, or that monetary authorities should focus exclusively on inflation.
2713- Yet despite these gales of change, institutional atavism prevails.
2714- The outcome was better than anyone in the Kremlin could have hoped for: 89% of the Chechen electorate turned out to vote, and 96% of voters supported the Moscow-drafted constitution.
2715- Instead, the Kremlin placed at risk its hard-won warm relations with the US for no clear reason.
2716- One reason is their sheer size.
2717- Lula in the Shadow of Chávez
2718- Brigitte Bardot and the Wild Dogs of Bucharest
2719- But overall, increasing responsiveness--if clearly not in a democratic mode--has managed to maintain the instability that does exist at a level and within a scope that marks a game of unwritten rules -- one of complainants confining their choler within understood bounds and of the government watchful over an ever-simmering stew.
2720- At the same time, we must ensure that low-income countries use debt relief and aid efficiently.
2721- Tony Blair's government took its riskiest decisions during the first weeks of his first term, and has done little since.
2722- For example, while the likelihood of an invasion threat is judged to be low, the Defense White Paper of 2004 argues that the SDF's "most fundamental function" is to prepare for the worst, because sufficient defensive power cannot be developed overnight.
2723- Indeed, any national leadership that anticipates the new research, development, manufacturing, and trade possibilities that will grow out of this new imperative may find itself positioned for exactly the kind of sustained economic growth that every country seeks.
2724- ACS's employees are but the first Africans to benefit from the hottest trend in the global economy: outsourcing, or the shift of service jobs from high-wage to low-wage countries.
2725- Imports plummeted by nearly 50% in the year after devaluation, as consumers were forced to buy Russian-made food, clothes, and other goods.
2726- But existing climate models show we can do little about it.
2727- He should not be duplicating what Argentina's President and Foreign Minister are capable of doing.
2728- By trying to coerce them with fines?
2729- In that year, the economy was set back by Mexico's financial crisis.
2730- An exceptional draft was prepared by the convention chaired by former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.
2731- Hezbollah, which claims it is fighting for Lebanese independence and sovereignty, also bears responsibility for unacceptable aggression, placing the lives of innocent Israelis and Lebanese at stake.
2732- Tens of millions of Arabs witnessed the toppling of Saddam Hussein last spring, and saw in his fall reflections of their own situation.
2733- Because all EU member countries must ratify the constitution, a French "Non" will, in effect, kill it.
2734- The law assumes a moral consensus among states and warlords that exists only in rhetoric.
2735- But we seem to have a specific "illusion of explanatory depth" -- the belief that we possess a more profound causal understanding than we really do.
2736- He may not have won by more than a percentage point and his 36% of the vote is hardly a mandate.
2737- Maybe they did, and maybe they didn't: one cannot know, especially at a time when Italy may need the full support of Chirac and Shröder as it tries to bail out Alitalia.
2738- The US doesn't have to make others look like little Americans, but it does have to live up to its core values in order to use its soft power effectively.
2739- This must change if Russia is to prevent future Beslans.
2740- NATO's crisis of confidence and cohesion stems from the Cold War's end, not from the turbulences of the Iraq War.
2741- But our proactive policy of rapprochement was not designed merely to serve national interests.
2742- Can High Oil Prices Be Good?
2743- A revived permissive society is not the answer.
2744- Iraq changed all of this.
2745- · managers were to pursue good performance at all costs, because their stock options and other performance-related compensation made their own fortunes tied to that of shareholders and the corporation.
2746- Neither side of the Atlantic is immune to the threat, despite the efforts of Osama bin Laden to drive a wedge between Europe and America.
2747- Indeed, it is America's own agricultural subsidies that helped kill, at least for now, the so-called Doha Development Round of trade negotiations that were supposed to give poor countries new opportunities to enhance their growth.
2748- Policies that encourage economic growth therefore include reallocating government resources or foreign aid from programs that reduce the cost of raising children to financing for public education.
2749- The 2005 Afghanistan Opium Survey, released last November, estimates that the total value of this opium, once turned into heroin and distributed around the world, could reach more than $40 billion.
2750- Yet it is at this moment that Catholic Poland is ``rejoining Europe.''
2751- The problem is not just that they are economically less developed, or that their political institutions are inadequate and corrupt.
2752- The US subsidizes corn-based ethanol, and imposes tariffs on sugar-based ethanol; hidden in the tax code are billions of dollars of subsidies to the oil and gas industries.
2753- Why this disappointment?
2754- These will be long-term securities that pay regular dividends, like stocks, whose value is tied -- either positively or negatively ­ -- to a real estate price index.
2755- In 2006, for example, Zambia will see its debt fall by almost 10% of GDP, leaving more resources available for development.
2756- Even concentration camps like Buchenwald changed their guards and inmates but remained in use.
2757- As in America, the issue is not racial and class reservations and preferences, but ensuring high-quality primary education for all, rich and poor alike.
2758- 1.2
2759- Constitutional and legal provisions that make practicing racism a crime punishable by imprisonment have great symbolic significance and help insure - indeed, create and secure - social peace.
2760- There is enough sorrow in Argentina without him.
2761- This is where the United States really is different from France and Germany, while Britain has a similar tradition of distrusting the state rather than relying on it.
2762- It would also have been impossible to consider bringing Pinochet to justice without the extraordinarily important human rights struggles waged by victims' organizations, victims' families, and jurists who, against all the odds, remained true to their cause for decades.
2763- So there was a vacuum to fill, accompanied by a strong desire among the party faithful for revival.
2764- The reasons have deep historical roots.
2765- The first, inevitably, is money.
2766- If the issue is competition, Commissioner Mario Monti represents Europe, stridently so, as Americans have learned to their surprise.
2767- Over and over again, Turkey being the latest example, the IMF is mute for too long.
2768- It cannot be the case that America's fidelity to democracy in Ukraine can be so cynically purchased.
2769- Ideology is increasingly irrelevant as the officer class scrambles to build vast personal fortunes.
2770- Over the years Israeli governments encouraged Arabs to participate in Israel's economy.
2771- First, traders and intermediaries rather than farmers captured most of the benefits.
2772- I hope that the Bush Administration will enact policies to strengthen the US economy: a tax cut that might made minimal sense when it seemed that the US had a multi-trillion dollar surplus no longer makes any sense at all.
2773- Most importantly, by dealing with Milosevic, the Serbs, many of whom supported his regime, will be forced to confront their own behavior and deal with their own consciences.
2774- Clearly, the international community has lacked the political will to press Israel to change.
2775- Meanwhile, many of these same people were probably among the millions of Americans who didn't get an annual medical check-up.
2776- The sustained focus of the media on him, to the point of near saturation, focused world attention on the Palestinian Question once again.
2777- A cross-country analysis estimates that university education is good for all three elements of economic performance: the employment rate (relative to the working-age population), the unemployment rate (relative to labor force), and labor productivity too.
2778- Both NATO and the EU have roles to play in working with industry to enhance Europe's defense capabilities.
2779- Investments in effective prevention, treatment and research in 2005 and 2006 will save millions of lives, lessen the socio-economic impact of the diseases in poorer countries, and remove the need for increased spending on these chronic crises in the future.
2780- Israel does not intend to claim this land in the future, never derived any economic benefit from it, and now regards staying there as a security problem rather than an asset.
2781- Challenges to established political authority have been chilled, fairly effectively, by means of state-sponsored patriotism.
2782- Like America itself, although so utterly different, New York can only be comprehended "synthetically."
2783- The speed with which debates in the French Estates General evolved into a revolt against the Bourbons reflected the deepening sense among ordinary Frenchmen that Louis XVI's rule lacked legitimacy.
2784- In fact, the assault on IHL comes not simply from warlords from Ivory Coast to Chechnya to Aceh.
2785- Thus, alternatives will have to be found despite the fact that they all hit groups whose votes governments need for electoral survival.
2786- The government has established a new agency, Central Hujin Investment Company, to manage and re-capitalize big state-owned banks before they are sold.
2787- The Long March was over.
2788- In 2005, we can begin to change direction.
2789- The measures led to a police strike, followed by a popular insurrection and an assassination attempt.
2790- Israel and Saudi Arabia, seemingly the most unlikely of allies, have come together to contain their common enemy: Iran, with its mushrooming influence in Iraq, Lebanon, and Palestine.
2791- Europe simply could not afford the failure of the euro project, so it's leaders did what was necessary.
2792- Never mind that Congress has prohibited him from ever returning to Peru ­- where he faces serious charges of corruption - or that he can count on only 15% of the electorate to support him.
2793- My thesis is that the degree of dynamism in a nation's economy hinges on its development of some key economic institutions - company law and corporate governance, the population's preparation for business life, the development of financial instruments such as the stock market and so forth.
2794- The redundancies that result are not only a waste of human resources, but also a source of stress for the people involved; both in economic and social terms, mass redundancies can be tragic and can lead to dangerous instability.
2795- In last May's national elections, India's rural voters unseated the ruling coalition.
2796- This kind of action is more likely to win back a skeptical citizenry than any information campaign, however well designed.
2797- Job placement would remain a problem, but the principle is sound: the world should learn from the World Cup.
2798- But that debate should not be allowed to mask the truth behind this treaty: the DR-CAFTA is more a pleading of special interests than a free-trade deal.
2799- If the pandemic were to begin relatively soon -- say, within a year or two -- there would be little that could be done to attenuate significantly the first wave of infections.
2800- These two great academic cultures also prefer to study humanity without having to mingle with flesh-and-blood human beings.
2801- At the same time, no new jobs were created in the rest of the economy.
2802- As a result, many Cambodians born since 1979 do not understand the scope and gravity of the atrocities.
2803- The German philosopher Karl Jaspers once said that European liberty was founded on the antitheses of ``the secular world and transcendence, science and faith, material technology and religion.''
2804- Europe's military means may be limited, but it has important experience in peacekeeping and "state building" that can be brought to bear.
2805- Graphic supported my organization, and I held training sessions for his newspaper's reporters and editors.
2806- In fact, they established what are now the Länder of the Federal Republic of Germany.
2807- Talk about corruption in developing countries -- and in some developed ones -- is running rampant.
2808- Africa is ready to break out of poverty if the US and other rich countries help.
2809- Europe does not increase its influence by berating the US for acting in its national interest;
2810- As punishment, because Turkey sided with the US-led invasion of Iraq?
2811- Southerners' apprehension is well founded.
2812- Although the approach to interest rate management by the two central banks has claimed the most attention, the different styles of each in their interventions in global currency markets bears watching because of their impact on growth.
2813- It is to that positive partnership that Russia should look.
2814- Moreover, adding defense to the informal acquis that would-be EU members must endorse will reduce pressure on NATO to enlarge.
2815- All of us are soulless bodies, no less than the robot Francine.
2816- China today is a contradiction.
2817- This is not to say that parochial sentiments are unimportant.
2818- Even if convention allows the American president to appoint the World Bank's head, the organization's success depends on the confidence of others.
2819- They did not comprehend the upward trend in prices before 1980, so bond yields, lagging behind rising inflation, were too low.
2820- I know of no country where this scenario has played out successfully, for there are two key problems with this "theory."
2821- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's disabling stroke has thrown Israeli politics into turmoil yet again.
2822- Should the public's appropriate reaction be guilt or shame?
2823- Unless British academics are ill informed, they know that Israel, far from being an "apartheid state," has a large proportion of Arab citizens; that Israeli universities are well integrated, in some cases with considerable numbers of Arab students, as well as a number -- admittedly small and insufficiently representative -- of Arab faculty; that many universities sponsor collaborative projects with Palestinian and Arab colleagues; that they are often sites of dissidence against government policies; and that such dissidence, even in radical forms, is tolerated.
2824- Complex technologies, regional trends in the style and decoration of tools, use of pigments, abstract and representational depiction, burials, grave goods, and personal ornaments are among the more common long-lasting creations that attest to the complex symbolic nature of ethnographically recorded human cultures.
2825- The British suppressed this misadventure, but not before hundreds of Jews in Baghdad were murdered in a wild farhood (pogrom) instigated by the short-lived pro-Nazi government.
2826- That they will.
2827- What could avoid this?
2828- In the second quarter of 2004, Chinese exports to Mexico grew by 67%, while Mexico's exports to China fell by 1.3 %.
2829- Thus, the current debate in the US about the consequences of defeat in Iraq still falls short -- because, despite all the critiques of American policy, that debate is still premised on the unilateral use of American power. This applies to the views of the Democratic opposition as well as to the Baker-Hamilton report.
2830- At 19% of GDP, national savings rates are very low -- indeed, much lower than in Asia -- and labor legislation is antiquated, discouraging efficient use of human capital, while productivity growth is meager.
2831- Last year, I visited the main jumping-off point on the US-Mexican border: El Sasabe on the Sonora-Arizona border.
2832- Consider the dubious results from the G-8 summit in Gleneagles, Scotland, in 2005.
2833- World leaders should still gather to commemorate WWI, in the hope that they might learn enough to avoid repeating its disaster in our time.
2834- I was recently asked by journalists whether inter-agency cooperation is sufficient and whether European mechanisms for sharing operational intelligence should be created.
2835- To deepen this set of our values, to test to what extent they are shared is the necessary condition for generating new values and for giving our Union the identity and cohesion that will one day permit us to propose Europe's secular values to the rest of the world.
2836- Indeed, the EU should regard growth in India not as a competitive threat but as a golden opportunity that will benefit everyone.
2837- In the days after the so-called "Roadmap for Peace between Israel and Palestine" was unveiled, a new cycle of violence exploded between the warring parties.
2838- There will be no substantive and permanent peace for any peoples in this troubled region as long as Israel is violating key UN resolutions, official American policy and the international "road map" for peace by occupying Arab lands and oppressing the Palestinians.
2839- Today, Europe's growth languishes, because the ECB is constrained by its single-minded focus on inflation from promoting economic recovery.
2840- Economic activity is thus even more volatile than commodity prices, and much of the gains made in a boom unravels in the bust that follows.
2841- Canceling, or even reversing, policies that reduce the cost of bearing a high quantity of children would contribute to higher living standards over the long run.
2842- Similarly, evidence drawn from surveys about well being indicates that Americans are much less bothered by inequality than Europeans.
2843- Such a counter-terrorism policy will not eliminate the scourge of terrorism any more than modern medicine can eliminate disease.
2844- For this reason, China's reluctant and belated entrance onto the international diplomatic stage is a hopeful trend that bears watching.
2845- One or two EU countries might object that this would mix institutional apples and oranges.
2846- Lack of grassroots support might lead to rejection of the constitution in countries like Britain, where referenda have been promised before the new arrangements come into force.
2847- Until there is a Palestinian state and an Iraq free of US occupation, Islamic extremists will win recruits.
2848- Otherwise, although Russia's objective strengths remain unchanged, our influence in international affairs has declined.
2849- This is true in the US system, where public and private universities coexist happily.
2850- In fact, new technologies are probably the most important reason why globalization is advancing at a rapid pace.
2851- When he ousted his first finance minister, Oskar Lafontaine, Germans became optimistic about reform and an economic upswing.
2852- The unpopularity of Hong Kong's incompetent and sycophantic Chief Executive, chosen by China for a second five-year term that will only end in 2007, creates a grave dilemma for the country's communist rulers.
2853- EU participants on the other hand represent ... well, what exactly?
2854- But even in Iran, where the ruling mullahs describe America as "the great Satan," the young want to watch American videos in the privacy of their homes.
2855- New pop cultural celebrities are emerging online, and people are creating their own radio and even TV shows.
2856- But others in Europe treat such attitudes like a cartoon whose caption could be in French or German: "Self-reliance is absolutely important, we depend on politics for it".
2857- Partially delayed integration rather than transition periods or quotas is a market-oriented solution that can maintain Europe's welfare states and enable it to grow and develop to its true potential.
2858- We find ourselves faced with a conflict that will most likely last longer than any of the great military clashes of the last century -- a conflict conducted by an enemy that cannot be tamed by "tolerance" and "accommodation" because that enemy is actually spurred on by such gestures.
2859- The Bush administration provided three major rationales for going to war in Iraq.
2860- Akio Kyuma, the Director-General of the Defense Agency, which is expected to be transformed into the Ministry of Defense, was instrumental in preventing Aso's ally, Fukushiro Nukaga, from running for LDP president.
2861- In the Arab world many of these people are literary celebrities, film idols, and media stars.
2862- For now, Americans and Continental West Europeans remain very different in their basic attitudes concerning poverty, inequality, and the welfare state.
2863- Parliamentary ratification did not simply provide a rubber stamp to a palace coup; its approval was conditional.
2864- Does this mean that Europe -- at least continental Western Europe -- is doomed?
2865- Friedman disagreed vociferously.
2866- Why, worldwide, did median standards of living stagnate for so long?
2867- As a result, Iraq's refusal to cooperate in making the scientists available for interviews--the key to its entire strategy of denial--was mentioned only in passing at the end of the inspectors' reports.
2868- But even if they had had the money, it is not obvious that markets would have responded quickly enough to provide the needed supply; in times of crisis, they often simply don't.
2869- For example, the Gwadar military port, which China is constructing in southwest Pakistan, is strategically placed to guard the throat of the Persian Gulf, with electronic eavesdropping posts to monitor ships -- including war ships -- moving through the Strait of Hormuz and the Arabian Sea.
2870- The Left Party is led by two talk show politicians, Gregor Gysi, the former PDS leader, and Oskar Lafontaine, the ex-leader of the SPD, who do not have much more in common than a record of political failure and a talent for populist speeches.
2871- The US plan for war crimes trials covers violations committed before the current conflict began.
2872- But Scandinavia is good in terms of levels of per capita GDP and unemployment.
2873- And, unlike most countries, especially in Latin America and Asia, the US system ruthlessly prunes weak corporate leadership.
2874- This is in part the explanation for the failure of the "Greys," that is, of political groups catering to the interests of the elderly.
2875- This is a legitimate choice, but once made, Europeans should stop looking for scapegoats for slow growth.
2876- Levying war against the King was a primary charge of treason, but a catch limits the crime's scope.
2877- Half of Moscow's drivers use licenses bought illegally.
2878- Despite the government's intermittent anti-corruption campaigns, progress has been slow.
2879- Today, there are many more players involved, and the stakes -- energy security, above all -- are far higher now.
2880- Other factors--declines in mosquito-control and other public health programs, or rising drug and pesticide resistance--could be involved.
2881- Veterans of the Mindanao camps took part in almost every JI-linked bombing since 2000, including the attack that killed hundreds in Bali in 2002.
2882- A few years ago, Alan Blinder, then Vice Chairman of America's Federal Reserve Board, was excoriated for stating the obvious: that monetary policy should target not only inflation, but also unemployment, and that, at least in the short run, there may be a trade-off between the two.
2883- Easing tensions will not win Bush points with those who prefer a muscular strategy.
2884- The influenza viruses established in humans for several decades originated from bird viruses.
2885- No one believes that Palestinian leader Abu Mazin can or will do anything to stop such attacks.
2886- That scenario is China's worst nightmare.
2887- When only one company faced legal and financial problems, investors who had made a decision to put their money in Russia were ready to ignore this kind of development.
2888- Why is this true?
2889- Recent efforts against African River Blindness, leprosy, and trachoma, backed by industrial leaders such as Merck, Novartis, and Pfizer, have also performed wonders.
2890- Capital market liberalization was the culprit, exposing countries to the vagaries of international capital flows--to both irrational pessimism and optimism, not to mention the manipulation of speculators.
2891- The Fragile Roots of Productivity Growth
2892- Mozambique became the first African country to process cashews on a large scale.
2893- The peso is now grossly overvalued.
2894- Both Zhvania and Saakashvili offer plausible alternatives to his rule, and appear far more capable of building a functioning democracy and market economy in Georgia.
2895- To some, the fact that Enron was not bailed out and the problems uncovered, is testimony to the absence of crony capitalism.
2896- But the Scandinavian countries have shown that there is another way.
2897- This would give the authorities room to address the country's daunting longer-term policy agenda--including a major reform of the costly pension system, an overhaul of the tax system, and strengthening the bankruptcy framework--that Brazil must face in order to boost competitiveness.
2898- Indeed, none of Russia's power structures, including the military, the FSB, and the MVD, are capable of performing effective anti-terrorist operations.
2899- But foreign-currency speculators and international investors are not looking forward to either of these scenarios.
2900- Thus, institutions are rendered more democratic and governments become more transparent and responsible.
2901- Indeed, the nominal acceptance of grand narratives of "democracy" and "human rights" as common bases for political discourse represents a crucial shift in demarcating the cultural battle.
2902- Even if all 15,000 UN troops could be found and deployed, the challenges in Lebanon will remain daunting.
2903- The main problem is that the scale of worthy efforts has been a shadow of what is needed.
2904- Why does it matter that it is the majority of my fellow citizens, rather than the decisions of a monarch, that is overriding my will?
2905- It displayed a composite picture of an Israeli tank and a soldier taking aim at a defenseless Palestinian.
2906- But the path lies before us, not behind us, in a sustained commitment to security, the rule of law, and transitional justice.
2907- But, with today's dormant markets, the pickings are slim.
2908- Trailing her in opinion polls, the other contenders cite her lack of credibility on economic policy and international relations.
2909- The fact that so many problems persist despite tens of billions of dollars of assistance and years of effort is a sad reminder that aid can allow governments to undertake foolish investments that accomplish little, or can easily be siphoned off by corrupt officials.
2910- Both could happen any day; either would be enough to shock world prosperity in ways far more painful than what is happening now.
2911- Moreover, a commitment to pursue euro membership will have positive spillover effects.
2912- Water from the Tiger Leaping Gorge will be diverted to flush out Dianchi Lake, without which Kunming will not prosper.
2913- The US Treasury under Robert Rubin and Larry Summers was unafraid to join the IMF in betting the store on Mexico, Thailand, Korea, and Brazil when they thought the odds were favorable.
2914- It would indicate that there can be no true peace in Guatemala as long as the powerful are accommodated with grants of amnesty and forgetting is prized over truth and justice.
2915- Just as American presidents looked foolish when they bent US foreign policy to the dictates of American wheat farmers in the 1970's and 1980's, European governments that are prepared to mortgage Asian security to a restless China also command no respect.
2916- What in the past would have been a straightforward palace coup spilled out onto the pages of newspapers and into the corridors of Parliament.
2917- How would it be run?
2918- So far, neither America nor Europe has made these conflicts a top priority.
2919- While complaints against parents, based on allegedly repressed and recovered memories of abuse, have declined, those against large institutions, such as the Catholic Church, have increased.
2920- Many theories have since been offered to explain the illusion, but there is still little agreement among researchers.
2921- On the contrary, what is rotten in Ukraine is not its constitution, but its president, who is mired in charges of corruption and orchestrating the murder of journalists, and who is shunned by other world leaders.
2922- But the Monterrey meeting provides an opportunity for such ideas to be discussed and vetted.
2923- Deconstructionists do not believe that any settled "facts" exist.
2924- In fact, US official development assistance amounts to just 0.15% of America's GNP, which is less than one-fourth the global target.
2925- Crown Prince Abdullah, Saudi Arabia's de facto ruler in place of his incapacitated half-brother King Fahd, is keen to be seen as a champion of reform. He received these proposals with a warm welcome in January 2003.
2926- The euro, for example, delivers clear advantages of scale by favoring international commerce and avoiding negative externalities.
2927- On the contrary, in the early part of the twentieth century, Germany was one of the world's richest countries, with enviably high education levels and scientific prowess.
2928- But the surplus merely masks the structural problems of China's domestic economic sectors and poorer regions.
2929- It not only has considerable dollar reserves, but has also become the manufacturing capital of the world.
2930- The court's bare bones budget of $56 million over three years does not cover basics such as a safe house for protected witnesses, transcripts of court testimony, or a library.
2931- Countries that follow sound macroeconomic policies do not derive sufficient economic benefits from doing so.
2932- The same may be said about the market economy.
2933- A second important feature of the drafting process was the extent to which the National Assembly complied with the requirements of Iraq's interim constitution, the Transitional Administrative Law (TAL).
2934- Those without shelter will die.
2935- According to the US Energy Department, America's annual oil imports from Africa will soon reach 770 millions barrels, bringing an estimated $200 billion to the continent over the next decade.
2936- But is it right to suspend the democratic interplay of government and opposition in order to solve major problems?
2937- After her death, his father, a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when he can, was unable to care for him, and placed him in an orphanage.
2938- The virus is not well adjusted to the chicken, and some strains of the virus "go berserk."
2939- But it is not only among developing countries that links between education and growth prove elusive.
2940- -2.2
2941- But the EU's institutions need to be modernized.
2942- In theory, when interest rates go up, there is reason to believe that asset prices will go down.
2943- Saddam's attack on Iran allayed the fears of Arab regimes that Ayatollah Khomeini's Iran would export its Islamic revolution.
2944- Local communities, non-governmental organizations, and businesses all must do their part.
2945- Radicals can count on support from no more than 1% of the population.
2946- To restore calm before a recount can be held, confidence-building measures are needed.
2947- To her credit, Madonna is doing more than adopting David.
2948- The cease-fire thus covers a huge area: the 778-kilometer LoC, the 150-kilometer AGPL and the 198-kilometer international border.
2949- After I've given a lecture or a course on homosexuality, explaining at length why it can no longer be considered an illness, the questions are always the same: "What are the symptoms?"
2950- She recognizes that any lasting transformation in African agriculture will take place, not only village by village, but also farmer by farmer.
2951- "Our nation has always been threatened from outside," he said.
2952- They rose to their ordeal with a bravery and self-sacrifice unsurpassed in China's or anyone's history.
2953- The eddy in the bottle is a structure in the water.
2954- Similarly, the claim that we are headed toward an inevitable clash of civilizations is sheer madness, propounded by people who think the worst of other groups but don't really know them through personal contact or shared experience.
2955- Subsequent epidemiological studies in the NCJDSU indicate that individuals with variant CJD are likely to have consumed more meat products than control patients, further supporting a link between these disorders.
2956- Don't you realize we are being misled?"
2957- Indeed, many problems-maintaining peace, ensuring law and order, protecting the environment, reducing poverty, and fighting terrorism-require collective action.
2958- Our governments should all establish Ministries of Sustainable Development, devoted full-time to managing the linkages between environmental change and human well-being.
2959- The new US military presence in Uzbekistan is an important sign of how the geopolitical rules of the last half of the 20th century no longer hold sway.
2960- Therein lies the path to sustained peace. 2005 is the year that words can become reality, and that the world can begin to fulfill its hopes for our new millennium.
2961- A true free-trade agreement would begin with the premise that it makes no difference where a good is produced: an unfair trade practice is unfair, whether the producer is an American or Chilean.
2962- Others -- especially managers of financial assets -- are becoming increasingly convinced that economists don't know very much, and that what they do know is of no use to traders like themselves.
2963- But it was just one more expression of the context in which the issue of the 1948 Palestinian refugees has to be addressed.
2964- All revolutions, in the end, turn from euphoria to disillusion.
2965- Referring to Jalal Al-e Ahmad's 1962 book Gharbzadegi ("West-toxication"), which became one of the manifestos of the 1979 revolution, one secular intellectual in Teheran remarked to me that, "Nobody reads Al-e Ahmad anymore.
2966- National savings amounted to roughly 50% of GDP in 2005, which apparently means that households are so afraid of hospital bills, school fees, and the down-payment on the new apartment they dream of that they save every penny they earn.
2967- But when it comes to offense, or most important missions - building democracy, promoting a political transformation agenda, and winning the hearts and minds of millions of ordinary people in the region - remain buried deep in bureaucracy, deprived of the necessary leadership, attention, and resources.
2968- Within the framework of an overall settlement of the conflict, a number of countries could contribute to this sum: the United States and the European Union countries, as well as Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf states.
2969- As one Indian strategist put it to me during a recent visit, "By 2030, we envisage the US, China, and India as the three largest powers in world politics.
2970- But another force serves the Party's interests as well: the deep-seated Chinese cultural inertia that stresses collectivist, group-oriented behavior.
2971- The International Labor Organization (ILO) estimates that 90 million children between eight and fifteen years old work in the labor forces of developing countries; worldwide the figure is higher.
2972- In fact, entire countries have a built-in egalitarian streak.
2973- His ego alone kept his Yabloko Party from cooperating with the Union of Right Forces.
2974- As a result, behind the averages, people are often hurting.
2975- I recently co-authored a study (with Tim Dyson, Leela Visaria and others) that concludes, with modest optimism, that while India can manage its population growth, it also faces a number of major difficulties.
2976- Driven by real needs on the ground, projects are designed and implemented by recipients, and its procedures and operations are transparent.
2977- Now.
2978- If the population grows by 50%, the country will need to grow 50% more food, if it is to continue to feed itself.
2979- Thus, it merely feeds young Muslims' fears that they are being singled out for persecution.
2980- Japan might get some growth, probably not even a full percentage point of GDP.
2981- After all, a woman may use deadly force to avoid being raped, even though the life of the aggressor, one would think, is worth more than the sexual integrity of the potential victim.
2982- This majority will never rise in support of an American-organized coup or surgical strikes.
2983- Yet this policy demands a commitment for the long haul.
2984- The three would thus receive the status they strive for, within a larger structure and without acting as a self-appointed directoire .
2985- 1.0
2986- Many of the single-family vacation mansions or low-density apartment buildings that are being built today will likely eventually be sold, torn down, and replaced with higher-density megastructures, boosting supply and thus easing pressure on prices of the remaining low-density vacation homes.
2987- It is inability to remember that constitutes amnesia.
2988- Then, thank goodness, the idea of a variable-geometry Union seemed to lose urgency when Tony Blair came to power.
2989- What policies reduce unemployment?
2990- His appearance will come a week after Hans Blix and Mohammed al-Baradei--the chiefs of the UN inspectors--demonstrated their inability to fulfill their mandate.
2991- But on June 8, unnamed officials asked the doctors' son to collect some personal effects for his parents, including dentures, and deliver them to the authorities.
2992- His expulsion from the 1982 World Cup for illegal drug use placed him, in the public's mind, on the path to tragedy, but the long cord of death, already tugging at him, had put him there years before.
2993- Moreover, it is likely to be a protracted performance.
2994- From a surplus of 1.4% of GDP in 2000, the Bush administration has delivered a deficit of 4.6% of GDP this year.
2995- In the United States, the fears of nine months ago that America's economy might succumb to deflation have been dispelled.
2996- Stable multiparty systems simply do not exist across this region.
2997- The glib answer is because it is hard.
2998- No one should be surprised the latest anti-tank missiles can penetrate even the heaviest and best protected of battle tanks.
2999- Speculation about America's motives, with press commentators highlighting the role of the Christian right-wing in formulating American policy, is increasing.
3000- The situation changed in the late 1960's, when US monetary policy--loosened by the costly Vietnam War and domestic social programs--became inflationary.
3001- High levels of emotional arousal often result in the victim's attention being drawn to the central features of the event at the expense of other features.
3002- Beyond that, they can do genuine good by recognizing the merit of the proposal for an electoral college.
3003- Our problem arose when we enabled the virus to move from its normal home into us, by "farming" civet cats and other animals.
3004- In other words, the SARS outbreak was not a novel event.
3005- The fall in interest rates, which spurred business investment, was in part due to the long-term deficit reduction strategy.
3006- Because President Alexander Lukashenka's behavior is so outrageous, a change of regime becomes possible.
3007- It is to Phelps that we owe the theory of the natural unemployment rate -- a cornerstone of modern macroeconomic theory and economic policy that Milton Friedman rediscovered a year later, albeit heuristically.
3008- Those of us who live in Europe's new post-communist democracies experienced similar political deals when we lived behind the former Iron Curtain.
3009- Such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless: Hamas and Islamic Jihad boycotted the poll, and Marwan Barghouti, a fellow Fatah member with Abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him, was ungently persuaded by the movement's leadership to withdraw his candidacy in order to present a unified front.
3010- Otherwise, we will once again see only the truth about power.
3011- Unsurprisingly, religious freedom is given prominence in the draft constitution.
3012- High oil prices also threaten to slow long-term productivity growth.
3013- Consider a simple scenario: a nation bars firms and owners from laying off employees for economic reasons.
3014- Rather than a debate on the issues, there's been a lot of name-calling about my donations by such groups as the Republican National Committee and the National Rifle Association.
3015- There are many potential replacements for these officials in the Republican Party--sensible, deliberative statesmen who view America's national interest as being the promotion of global economic development, multilateral cooperation, and a world in which the US leads with its principles rather than dominates with its military power.
3016- To renege on formal decisions and commitments, or to add last-minute obstacles, would make a mockery of the Union's credibility.
3017- East Asia's apparent disarray over a response to North Korea's nuclear démarche brings these complaints into the open once again.
3018- Beyond that point, an increase in income doesn't make a lot of difference to people's happiness.
3019- In Italy the share of bank lending as a percent of the total funds raised by big Italian companies fell from 75% to 50%--the difference being made up mostly by emissions of corporate bonds.
3020- An Assassination in Belgrade
3021- - America needs friends.
3022- Wanting to avoid war, all sides solve disputes by compromise, end the conflict forever, and move onto other things.
3023- Lebanon is an ideal social laboratory because it has a large number of geographically segregated religious groups and strongly enforced communal boundaries.
3024- The root of the problem is that Africa's farmers are too poor to obtain the basic modern inputs—including high-yield seed varieties, fertilizers, and small-scale water management systems—that could enable them to double or triple their output of food and cash crops.
3025- Some fled in terror from the invading army, some were expelled - the usual complex, morally problematic picture that emerges in such situations.
3026- Through a combination of financial incentives and menacing threats, including two incidents of police shootings during demonstrations, the Kibaki government ordered the nation to vote yes.
3027- But Alvaro Uribe's re-election in Colombia may not only have begun the process of reversing that tide; it has perhaps also shown conservative and liberal parties across the continent a way forward -- one that may soon be tested in Mexico's presidential vote on July 2.
3028- Insurance companies face inherent difficulties in measuring risks, and they must tailor their policies creatively around the human foibles that limit uptake.
3029- The resolution threatens that the Security Council will consider imposing sanctions against Sudanese leaders or against the country's important oil sector, but introduces no penalties at this time.
3030- Then there are the questions of the Israeli Arabs and of Jerusalem (for is it, as Berlin once was, to be sliced in two by a wall?).
3031- The Bush administration tries to rebut these charges by saying that the plan will not weaken the deterrence capabilities of American forces, for America's far more powerful air and naval presence in the area will be maintained.
3032- In other words, Europe has not been able to exploit the new technologies for productive purposes, both as a user and as a producer of IT.
3033- Unfortunately, the figure is misleading, because it includes non-tradable, state-owned shares valued at market prices.
3034- This stubbornness made matters worse when things finally fell apart.
3035- China's government may well adopt a new Hong Kong policy after the election.
3036- Unsurprisingly, the rating agency Standard & Poor's recently downgraded Italian public debt.
3037- However, it seems obvious that whatever happens, the Iranians will fight an asymmetric war not only on their own territory, but also in the neighboring region for years to come.
3038- Nature's Warnings to the Johannesburg Summiteers
3039- Now they are the countries that feel most threatened, and bookshops in both countries are full of alarmist and sensational accounts of national decline.
3040- What can prevent the situation from deteriorating further and perhaps culminating in a systemic crisis?
3041- Moreover, like managers everywhere, their responsibility is great, making their positions less secure, while companies must compete for the relatively few good ones, driving up their price.
3042- This is why he refrained from naming the political parties that support him after himself.
3043- Suppose a terrorist is pulling out his victim's teeth one by one, and that the only way to stop him is to kill him.
3044- Germanys Basic Law bars the government from enforcing laws against the will and decision of a ruling partys statutory bodies.
3045- A second kind of comparison focused on so-called paralogous proteins, which are descended from a common ancestor within the same creature as a result of gene duplications.
3046- However, due to the pressure of various US patriotic groups, the exhibition was canceled, because it was seen as an offense against memory.
3047- Floods, meanwhile, wash sewage and fertilizer into water supplies, triggering expansive blooms of harmful algae that are either directly toxic to humans, or contaminate the fish and shellfish that humans consume.
3048- The dominant National Democratic Party (NDP) takes a different view, arguing that political change can be achieved without constitutional reform.
3049- They then cut off David's arms before setting him ablaze.
3050- For now, Britain's decision to postpone Euro membership makes sense. Swedish voters seem likely to show similar wisdom.
3051- When the Berlin Wall fell, the countries of Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union began transitions to a market economy, with heated debates over how this should be accomplished. One choice was shock therapy - quick privatization of state-owned assets and abrupt liberalization of trade, prices, and capital flows - while the other was gradual market liberalization to allow for the rule of law to be established at the same time.
3052- The country's Hindu nationalists unleashed the latest furor over the nature of India's past.
3053- Interestingly, whereas Britain, France, and the US have not altered their models, many other successful democracies have introduced major changes in order to prevent dangerous problems with how the "pure" variant functions in the local context.
3054- This illustrates a broader point: there is no unique, non-context specific way of achieving desirable institutional outcomes.
3055- Now, there are both beggars and a burgeoning middle class.
3056- Peter A. Almond, the film's producer also participated.
3057- Agreement by the G-8 to debt relief is a major event, but we should not be fooled by the seeming magnanimity of the gesture: much of the debt would not have been repaid in any case.
3058- Workers and management oppose deregulation because openness to competition would eliminate their unearned premiums.
3059- The fall of Saddam ushers in the right circumstances.
3060- The resulting paralysis is aggravated by Germanys type of federalism.
3061- On December 21, an Italian doctor, Mario Riccio, disconnected a respirator that was keeping Piergiorgio Welby alive.
3062- As Ron Suskind reports in his recent biography of Bush's first Treasury Secretary, Paul O'Neill, former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the end of a disastrous meeting, "Not a typical Republican package.
3063- But it must also behave in a modern, rather than a neo-colonial, way in many places in its former African empire.
3064- Even countries that rallied to Bush's call for help, like my homeland, Poland, are now wary of their involvement.
3065- Working hours in Europe as a whole fell from 1713 hours per year in 1980 to about 1576 today, with Germans putting in the least number of hours at work.
3066- The French socialist party can still, probably, rely on the loyalty of a substantial minority for atavistic or tribal reasons; but it does not propose to introduce socialism.
3067- As former French Prime Minister Pierre Mauroy put it in 1981, when he refused to cancel a gas deal with the USSR over the imposition of martial law in Poland, "Should the suffering of French people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of Polish people deprived of freedom?"
3068- Politically, China is comparable to the US in 1800: an emerging nation with high ideals but widespread poverty and many practices that others find intolerable.
3069- Its policy is tailored after that of Singapore, which has avoided large currency fluctuations -- and has maintained a significantly more competitive exchange rate during the last three years than all of Latin America's countries.
3070- Islam's Forsaken Renaissance
3071- Appeasement Revisited
3072- The result is an extremely powerful political movement that extends from left to right, and includes young and old alike.
3073- Nothing remotely illegal happened then; there was no government bailout nor facilitation of management's errors.
3074- This damaged Germany's economy, and continues to be a drag on growth in the whole eurozone.
3075- Since 1998, there has not been a single defection from the upper levels of the program, despite low pay and substandard living conditions--deteriorating medical care, erratic electricity supplies, and a ban on travel.
3076- A related problem arises from sociology: how much bloodshed do we owe, for instance, to the British invention of ``martial races'' in India?
3077- We can prevent HIV by handing out condoms and improving health education.
3078- Of course, there is a big pro-presidential majority party in the Duma.
3079- So many people suffered that it is difficult to count the number of victims accurately.
3080- The young, English-speaking former speaker of the Georgian parliament, Zurab Zhvania, is one such potential successor; Mikhail Saakashvili, a former minister of justice who resigned last August after submitting corruption charges against Shevardnadze and his family, is another.
3081- Argentina's widening budget deficit is mainly the result of its economic collapse since 1999, not the cause of it.
3082- Even if governments rethink their ban on new nuclear plants, accelerate development of windmills and solar panels, and search for new gas supplies, Europe will remain dependent on Russian gas for more than a decade.
3083- In Europe, meanwhile, the consensus was embodied in the European Union's Growth and Stability Pact and made operational in the rigid Maastricht criteria that capped government budget deficits at 3% of GDP.
3084- Once we abandon arguments based on potential, the claim that it is wrong to kill embryos and fetuses must be based on the nature of those entities themselves -- that they are actual human beings who already possess the characteristics that make killing wrong.
3085- In many regions -- and especially in rural areas -- people still believe that TB patients have been bewitched, poisoned, or, as one Nigerian doctor put it, "cursed by the gods."
3086- Resolving that conflict - itself a key aspect of Arab political identity - might enable Arab political culture to change.
3087- Europe was at the peak of its economic power relative to the rest of the world.
3088- Their many victims will rightly seek some form of accounting - at a minimum, an official record of the crimes they suffered.
3089- The Iraqis sense all of this.
3090- That is how it was with housing until the late 1970's.
3091- In any case, the new review will serve as a roadmap for future US defense policy, thus affecting America's partners and adversaries alike.
3092- This is not only because Pinochet's 17 years in power, from 1973 to 1990, dramatically shattered the country's democracy, with thousands of people executed, missing, or tortured -- among them Bachelet's own father, an air force general who died under torture because he opposed the coup.
3093- Instead, $2.3 billion was invested directly into the Iraqi oil sector.
3094- Calderón ran on Fox's coat-tails, but without any Fox entourage, and he won… big-time.
3095- The government of Poland collapsed first, followed by the Czech government.
3096- Even hitherto sensible anthropologists and social historians seem to have succumbed to this travesty of scholarship.
3097- The local influentials tend to be in positions that they got through their local popularity: street commissioner, mayor, or township board member.
3098- These forms of cooperation survived the divisions over Iraq.
3099- Little wonder, then, that voters in Central and Eastern Europe now feel that they got a poor bargain from the governments that brought them in: belt tightening, labor market restrictions, and the notorious barrage of EU regulation.
3100- Egypt is a classic example of this.
3101- But the affinity between Islamic attitudes, rulers, merchants, and craftsmen that made Cairo, Damascus, Baghdad, and Samarkand jewels of High Medieval urban civilization vanished long ago.
3102- It is here that Europe has a purpose it can rally around--a message that can resonate powerfully in a world riven by religious intolerance and fanaticism.
3103- The change followed Ayatollah Khomeini's theory of the "jurist-ruler."
3104- Such behavior is unacceptable whether it is carried out by the powerful or the weak.
3105- From 1995 to 2004, Germany lost a total of 1.09 million full-time equivalent jobs in manufacturing and trade.
3106- Is this mere inertia?
3107- Can We Insure against Tsunamis?
3108- Second, immigration reform in the US should be enacted in a way that protects the rights of Latino migrants.
3109- In the past 40 years, advanced computers and communications have transformed one part of the world after another - first, the US and Europe, then Japan, Korea, and Taiwan, and most recently, India, China, and Eastern Europe.
3110- The three primary points of controversy are: the identity of the victims, the perpetrators, and the relevance of a just cause.
3111- By that point, this age group in industrial countries will claim one-third of the total population. It will take another century for the rest of the world to catch up.
3112- Pounding a table and shouting does not make unwanted facts disappear.
3113- If big is better, then it is better to become a post-modern company than remain a traditional one.
3114- The UN's War on Science
3115- The government of Slovakia lost its majority and is unstable.
3116- Billions of dollars are flowing into auto, steel, chemical, and high-tech electronics plants, setting the stage for China to be a major exporter of high-end products.
3117- Who Should Be Helped First?
3118- Education has played a big part in healing Europe's divisions.
3119- His exhumed body had not decayed.
3120- Elections are seldom make-or-break affairs.
3121- The falsehood is to believe that some cultures are static and inimical to change, while others are somehow uniquely modern.
3122- The first such cause is the legacy of colonization.
3123- Upon reaching the top of the FNV, Holland's largest trade union, Kok found himself in a position of considerable influence in Dutch economic policymaking.
3124- But the cost is enormous: a colossal fiscal deficit that jeopardizes future growth.
3125- The other is whether voluntary euthanasia is ethically defensible.
3126- What is missing is the political will to make it so.
3127- Our proposal seeks to retain the Convention's idea of limiting the number of portfolios in the Commission while giving all commissioners full voting rights.
3128- An increase in the official retirement age - currently close to 65 in most countries - is pointless to the extent that many people no longer exit the labor force directly into official retirement systems.
3129- When Leon Rozenblit and I uncovered the illusion and its specificity, we ran an extensive series of studies exploring why explanatory understanding is so vulnerable to a false sense of knowing.
3130- People dance around, drink heavily, and prepare for a monstrous feast.
3131- Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy, indeed, does not even like being called Prime Minister. Because he is technically President of the Council (of ministers), he insists on using the title of President.
3132- The current conflict between China and the US recalls the breakdown of the Bretton Woods system of fixed exchange rates thirty years ago.
3133- While Hamas must be flexible in dealing with legitimate requests by the international community, the international community is obliged to provide an effective road map to peace.
3134- On the question of Iran's nuclear weapons capability, Americans and Europeans also fundamentally agree: it should be prevented.
3135- Some, looking at CDU/CSU candidate for Chancellor Edmund Stoiber's emphasis on Bavaria's economic success, will seek to portray the coalition as shaded dangerously by the ``anything goes'' market conservatism practiced in America.
3136- During the 2004 election campaign, Bush claimed that the new department had made Americans safer.
3137- I doubt it.
3138- After 25 years of living without each other, reconciliation will not come immediately.
3139- -2.6
3140- Political pressure on the ECB today is much greater than in Duisenberg's time.
3141- This calls for a bit of ``European metaphysics.''
3142- The US is certainly not an empire in the way we think of the European empires of the 19th and 20th centuries, because the core feature of that imperialism was political power. Although unequal relationships between the US and weaker powers certainly exist and can be conducive to exploitation, the term "imperial" is not only inaccurate but misleading in the absence of formal political control.
3143- More fundamentally, something has gone wrong with the system of checks and balances in America's democracy.
3144- It should begin with the most urgent task - meeting the basic needs of the world's poorest peoples.
3145- As long as the Cultural Revolution remains unaccounted for, it will not have ended.
3146- Worse still, it is now clear that Bush never had a plan for when the war ended.
3147- The need for a free and well-functioning market economy is not included, though this is the fundamental pre-condition for the high standards of living and social protection that the document's authors advocate so resolutely.
3148- On the contrary, many capitals south of the Rio Grande had high expectations for the team that moved into the White House in 2001.
3149- Indeed, capital-flow volatility could make short work of the flexible exchange rate on offer under ERM II - a 15% fluctuation band either side of a central parity.
3150- American troops, they complain, are on the ground in the former Soviet republics of Georgia, Kyrgizstan, Tadjikistan, and Uzbelistan.
3151- The Boundaries of Anti-Semitism
3152- Abbas also wants weapons in only one set of hands -- those of the Palestinian Authority.
3153- A Europe of markets and money, not of man and morals, dominated the project.
3154- We know that Iran built a uranium conversion facility in Isfahan to convert uranium yellowcake into uranium hexafluoride gas (UF6), the feedstock for uranium enrichment, without the required prior notifications to the IAEA.
3155- Then, in the 1970s, largely as a result of an environmental scare promoted by Rachel Carson's book Silent Spring , foreign aid agencies and UN organizations stopped promoting DDT, and its usage declined.
3156- Only Rajasthan's economy has kept pace with the rest of the country; the other four have not benefited much from trade and regulatory liberalization.
3157- The growing role of international institutions under the UN umbrella provides greater confidence that disputes can be addressed peacefully and even sensibly, with significant inputs of scientific expertise as in the Climate Change treaty.
3158- In Hungary the budget deficit is widening again, after narrowing to 4% of GDP in 2001.
3159- Two birds would be wounded with one stone.
3160- The reform proposals that are currently being debated are adventurous to say the least, because they all seem to center around the question of which government expenses should be exempt from the calculation of the deficit.
3161- Japan ought to speak up and say this.
3162- Snags and fissures now bedevil Croatia's infant democratic reforms.
3163- Russian literature is not forgotten.
3164- Many Ethiopians appear to have agreed with this strategy.
3165- The path will soon be clear for a new set of leaders to get Europe's economic growth engines going again.
3166- Countries need to reformulate their energy policies - including by boosting production and refining capacity, diversifying energy sources, and giving new impetus to conservation.
3167- These are grotesquely distorted priorities.
3168- Those hundreds of thousands of people who camped for weeks on the freezing streets of Kiev did so because they were demanding their dignity.
3169- Zimbabweans were surprised, therefore, when Bush, during his recent tour of Africa, expressed satisfaction with the negotiations said to be taking place between Mugabe's Zanu PF party and its arch-rival, the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), led by opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai.
3170- Adrenaline flows, our attention is focussed, and our instinct to protect friends and family aroused.
3171- If the assets are worthless, it will ultimately be forced out of business.
3172- Before Clinton, President Ronald Reagan ordered the bombing of Tripoli and Benghazi in Libya in 1986 in retaliation for the bombing of a German disco in which several Americans were killed.
3173- If Lewites is able to organize nationally and maintain a presence in the streets, he could quickly become unbeatable. A poll conducted in January projected that in a four-way race, Lewites would come in first, followed by Montealegre.
3174- Indeed, financial institutions, at least in some of the countries surveyed, are now among the most advanced in the world.
3175- There also must be limits on the power of the central government and the presidency, a degree of regions autonomy, and rule of law -- in short, the rudiments of a modern state and democracy.
3176- Such integration cannot be achieved on a unilateral basis but only by programs adopted by the host and donor countries in co-operation with each other; nor can it be achieved in conditions where there is complete political and administrative separation between the populations which places them under exclusive controls and fails to acknowledge the human needs of community and conviviality.
3177- This year's World Cup has proven once again that football is the world's most popular sport; it has also proven that football is probably the world's most globalized profession.
3178- But recent historians on the Left in India now question this assumption.
3179- 800 million rural peasants have been largely left out of China's latest boom, creating rising, but frustrated, expectations;
3180- Taylor has undermined a string of peacekeeping interventions in the region.
3181- By contrast, in large part because of my father, I managed to complete high school, then medical school, and become a general practitioner.
3182- We are compiling a comprehensive list of the polling stations where ZANU supporters had solitary control.
3183- Fortunately, there is hope that the region can resist the West's destructive neo-liberal agenda.
3184- Evolutionary biologists have since taken the concept further.
3185- The list does not stop there.
3186- Research at the IMF, of all places, as well as by independent scholars documents a number of puzzles and paradoxes.
3187- The Secretary General convocation of a ``Dialogue of Civilizations'' is but a start here.
3188- A runaway boxcar is about to run over five people walking on the tracks.
3189- Clearly, the court thought that such trust had not been earned.
3190- All are simply expected to execute orders scrupulously.
3191- A decade after her removal, most of Mrs. Thatcher's policies are still in place in Britain.
3192- What has fed these inflows?
3193- If the US is looking to develop a post-Cold War strategic relationship with India to counter Chinese influence in South and Southeast Asia, the recent China-India agreements suggests that an alternative strategic calculus may exist in both China and India.
3194- The proposed new system would do away with weighted votes.
3195- Thus, in order to keep the current-account deficit stable, the trade deficit must shrink.
3196- If confidence in the IMF is slightly higher than it was at its all-time low, its performance has been mixed.
3197- They plan when and where to strike.
3198- Indeed, throughout the world, democracy is strongly correlated with higher per capita income.
3199- Currently, the average number of hours worked per person aged 15 to 25 each year in France and Germany is about 50% lower than in the United States.
3200- Social protections should be framed in laws enacted by democratically elected legislators, who are well placed to weigh the costs and benefits for their constituents.
3201- I argued and voted against these new nuclear initiatives in the US Senate earlier this year.
3202- The most serious current case concerns President Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
3203- This is especially ironic because African countries like Ethiopia stand steadfastly and bravely with the US in the fight for freedom and against terrorism, even as they struggle with hunger, disease, and famine.
3204- Only one out of every ten Venezuelan companies polled states any intention of making middle or long term investments such as renovating existing industrial plants or building new ones.
3205- Investors may respond emotionally, but they are unlikely to let their anger cause them to miss what appears to be a substantive increase in value.
3206- A case in point is the issue of National Missile Defense.
3207- The struggling economy does not need the disruption of even a rapidly resolved military conflict.
3208- Likewise, Pakistan was substantially ill equipped to deal with the recent earthquake, in part because, like the US, Pakistan over-spends on its military and under-spends on public health and emergency preparedness.
3209- But sanctions were not the only reason for decline. Political unrest also devastated the economy, as did a fall in world gold prices that coincided with the anti-apartheid movement in the final years.
3210- In his 1945 book Science, the Endless Frontier , Bush argued that basic scientific research needs substantial and stable financial support; that support should be potentially available to all researchers; and that peer review should ultimately decide how and to whom funds are allocated.
3211- France has strict hiring and firing regulations that make it costly to dismiss workers and thus reduce job creation.
3212- This month's entry of China into the WTO is a major step in that process.
3213- So how is the Turkish government dealing with the inevitable?
3214- Their result in fact set a timetable for the "Iraqisation" and US withdrawal -- before the next presidential election.
3215- So far, Fatah's senior leaders have declared that they will be a loyal opposition in Parliament, leaving governmental responsibility to Hamas.
3216- Some terrorists might feel remorse and guilt about their actions.
3217- He promised to slash poppy production in return for tractors, seed, and other goodies.
3218- Elites must give up their privileges, and regulations on corporate governance must limit collusion between managers and civil servants or politicians.
3219- The bad news keeps coming in Latin America these days.
3220- Sixteen years have passed, but the pain remains, buried in the hearts and minds of the people.
3221- According to the World Health Organization, some 130 million women have, over the last few years, suffered from genital mutilation in some form.
3222- Ever since Winston Churchill led the conversion of Britain's navy from coal to oil at the start of the last century, the Western powers have meddled incessantly in the affairs of Middle Eastern countries to keep the oil flowing, toppling governments and taking sides in wars in the supposed "great game" of energy resources.
3223- For instance, the central banks of the US, Europe, Japan, and Britain could accept Brazilian paper at their discount windows.
3224- Speaker after speaker accused General Musharaf's government of treachery and denounced its cooperation with the FBI in nabbing Al-Qaida members.
3225- Today's savings rate, while it has increased slightly, still finds America at the bottom of the world's savings league tables;
3226- Moreover, factory farms are not biologically secure.
3227- Thus, a new yardstick is needed to measure success.
3228- Palestine and Chechnya, two sites of pain and terrorist infection, have not healed.
3229- Or consider the laboriousness of conducting negotiations in a room with 25 national delegations, 10 of whom will be unfamiliar with the way the EU works.
3230- This would, of course, cement its central role in Palestinian politics -- and it would just as surely exacerbate the challenge facing Abbas.
3231- But a sound valuation of a currency demands a sharp look at the policies that support that currency.
3232- -3.8
3233- But, without ideals, Europe's foundations will erode.
3234- I am neither gay, nor Ghanaian, but I have spent considerable time in Ghana and I reject the argument - heard in other parts of Africa as well - that Western notions of sexuality have perverted Africans.
3235- If we want Europe to be more legitimate, we must explain how to tie these two dimensions of power.
3236- A sound regulatory framework and effective enforcement are frequently necessary for introducing competition, as well as to protect investors and consumers in the presence of a newly-privatized firm that might otherwise be able to use its substantial market power to stifle and prevent competition.
3237- State monopolies are sold to friends who then become multibillionaires, like Mexico's Carlos Slim.
3238- As Bernanke pointed out, 45% of US farms were behind on mortgage payments in 1933, and in 1934, default rates on home mortgages exceeded 38% in half of US cities.
3239- Their backing includes not only arms, but also financial subsidies that enable Hezbollah to buy popular support.
3240- Furthermore, unlike Latin America, Africa, and elsewhere, Middle East democrats have not benefited from the Cold War's end.
3241- A recent survey by the Shanghai Stock Exchange found that only 8m of its 35m accounts were active.
3242- But, whereas metal prices have fallen, oil prices are reaching record highs.
3243- But the risks are two-sided, and sound economic policy is just as much about capitalizing on good times as avoiding bad ones.
3244- In 1993, during the war in Georgia between its liberals and nationalists, President Shevardnadze again threatened to abandon his nation.
3245- Only prosperity and a "European Serbia" mattered.
3246- Under regional and international pressure, the Saudi ruling family has constructed a Potemkin village of reform while retaining absolute control over all political developments.
3247- So long as left-wing parties seemed suspect, implausible or even semi-revolutionary, center-right parties could conceal their internal contradictions.
3248- Because of this rule, investors may only see an apparent worsening of the country's fiscal position, and so may demand higher interest rates.
3249- Building a new bridge following a familiar model can lead to complacency.
3250- Existing parties urgently need to recapture the support of citizens.
3251- Above all, Germany must appreciate that the changes it needs are improvements that would guarantee its future security.
3252- Of course, some past appointees turned out to be far better than anticipated; they rose to the occasion, despite qualifications that, in any open and objective selection process, would never even have left them on the short list.
3253- The death sentences and torturing that were then imposed on almost entire nations and millions of people are, it now appears, to be silently accepted and noisily celebrated on May 9 in Moscow.
3254- With EU expansion coming next spring, all Ukrainians fear that a new wall will cut their country off from the Union's easternmost border in Poland.
3255- Even Americans can consume only so many new cars.
3256- If those laws were applied within America, most companies would be found to be engaged in unfair trade practices.
3257- If Taiwan were to declare independence, it is likely that China would use force, regardless of the perceived economic or military costs.
3258- The Party's unchallenged monopoly on political power systematically ensured that every mistake it made -- such as the dreadful decade of the Cultural Revolution -- turned into a prolonged nationwide crisis.
3259- One must realize that individuals choose whether to play the role of cosmopolitan or local, and how much to invest in that role.
3260- They must work with bureaucracies, which are naturally disinclined to have their efforts prioritized, lest they end up as anything less than number one.
3261- Investors also see that the US regulatory system is stronger than the SEC alone.
3262- Few would argue that the Moon is more wondrous and enchanting than when it is near the horizon, appearing closer and looming larger than when it is high in the sky.
3263- With debt relief for poor countries shaping up as a focal issue at the July G-8 summit in Scotland, it is a shame that so few people appreciate what a farce such measures could turn out to be.
3264- Without exception, population growth in rich countries has slowed to a crawl.
3265- At the end of a day digging coal, teaching children, or waiting tables, Russians now want reasonable services, a logical tax system, and regular paychecks.
3266- Because stability is their great goal, China's communist rulers, if they are wise, will allow Hong Kong to show the way to a system in which Chinese govern themselves democratically, peacefully, and prosperously.
3267- This dream destroyed generations of victims.
3268- Arguments, like the one over Iraq, should not sound the relationship's death knell, but must be managed in such a way as to inflict the minimum of harm on the partnership.
3269- Should we impose sanctions on countries that do not make the practice unlawful?
3270- Thomas Carlyle, and later Marx and Engels, would decry this appeal to self-interest and the related rise of the "cash nexus" as either a dangerous assault on tradition or a source of human self-alienation.
3271- The Stability Pact holds another important lesson: casting in stone institutional arrangements designed to address the problems of the past is a recipe for failure in the future.
3272- Now, the first priority must be a full and immediate ceasefire to end the suffering of unarmed civilians and make way for peace.
3273- Rarely is a scientist an expert in more than one area, because the worlds and languages are so different.
3274- Many EU members look at the newcomers from Central and Eastern Europe and see countries that largely try to adhere to the liberal, free-market model.
3275- The corporate state simply has not delivered the goods in continental Europe, and polls are showing voters may take it out on the proposed Constitution.
3276- If the US and China were to team up to address the challenge of climate change, the results might not only be a more congenial climate and a better Sino-US relationship, but also new and vibrant economic sectors in both countries.
3277- Yet when a politician is caught in a lie, the consequences are often dire, at least in democratic countries.
3278- But the odds on a soft landing are lengthening with each passing day.
3279- But it is precisely the lack of economic reform at home that has made Italy one of the least competitive states in the euro-zone economy.
3280- The Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) is Southeast Asia's strongest separatist group. It enjoys popular support, expresses legitimate grievances, and peace talks are underway.
3281- As a consequence, the Indo-Pakistani dispute over Kashmir now has a third party: the Kashmiris.
3282- Commodity export prices are at record levels, global liquidity has been ample, and international interest rates have been low.
3283- The government also began to harass opposition parties, especially in rural areas.
3284- Lula is sceptical that the FTAA can serve Brazil's interests and would prefer to boost MERCOSUL, the customs union linking Brazil with its neighbours.
3285- Pious lies have been uncovered.
3286- This new "monarchical" presidential model deserves study by political scientists and jurists.
3287- Politicians clearly do not like this shift in power toward the judiciary.
3288- The same mechanism that pours profits into the pockets of global corporations also prevents governments from claiming a larger share of the spoils.
3289- Worse still, the economic, territorial, and military insurgency of the FARC guerrillas was growing stronger.
3290- The weakness of the current wage insurance proposal is that it pays benefits only for a limited period and relies for its long-term effect on the retraining incentives that it creates.
3291- Because most media attention has shifted to Lebanon, the Israelis have had a free hand to continue pressing the Palestinians without international protest.
3292- Most modern explanations treat the illusion as a static phenomenon, in which a stationary observer views a fixed illuminated object over a ground.
3293- It will merely make life riskier and more expensive for them, pushing them even further to the margins of society.
3294- Call In the Reserves
3295- The first truly post-Pinochet-era government will have begun.
3296- It took the exchange rate crisis of 1992, for instance, to make Italy's leaders realize that something had to be done about the country's public finance mess.
3297- The Fallen Pharaoh
3298- But Fatah has not accepted defeat, while Hamas is convinced that elements within Fatah agree with Israeli and American plans to topple the Hamas government.
3299- Looking at the historical record, it is difficult to believe that the US will give the Middle East a democratic makeover.
3300- Most people nowadays face death never having witnessed the death of someone else!
3301- And there's no sign he will..."
3302- If that is the case, every country in the world is in deep trouble.
3303- Voters there may also extend a disturbing paradox that has emerged in the region: the more "vigorous" Asian democracy becomes, the more dysfunctional it is.
3304- When the time comes to revisit international policies on global warming, two things should happen.
3305- If not, then Angell may well continue to be as irrelevant as he was right.
3306- Examples include a five-year-long moratorium on approvals of GM plants throughout Europe, and the rejection of badly needed food aid by several African countries--only because it contains the same GM varieties of grain consumed routinely in North America.
3307- Paradoxically, droughts can favor water-borne diseases--including cholera, a cause of severe diarrhea--by wiping out supplies of safe drinking water, concentrating contaminants, and preventing good hygiene.
3308- Countries that integrate into dynamic world markets for manufactures and services perform better than those that specialize in natural-resource intensive sectors.
3309- Quite simply, German Gaullism doesn't work.
3310- While the path back to the negotiating table is not an easy one, the obstacles are not insurmountable.
3311- In a revolutionary atmosphere of solidarity and self-sacrifice, people tend to think that when their victory is complete, paradise on Earth is inevitable.
3312- Inevitably, it contains populist, anti-business sentiments. At times, it almost looks as if anti-globalization protesters are taking over.
3313- The full picture, however, is more complicated than either point of view.
3314- After all, migrant workers may be relatively well off by standards at home, but they struggle to earn a decent living in their host countries.
3315- Americans have few choices but to discover a form of modesty appropriate to the country's reduced status in the eyes of the world.
3316- A relatively minor, technical difference in means, you might say.
3317- Similarly, while competition will improve the quality of research and education, this does not imply reduced public funding, a lower priority for basic research, or the elimination of scholarships.
3318- Some Mexicans congratulate President Fox for not caving in to US pressure to cast a vote in the Security Council for war, while others argue that he should.
3319- The occupation of Palestinian territories has had terrible consequences, and it is necessary to end it.
3320- Too much is at stake to allow Atlantic partnership to flounder.
3321- New Orleans is a city mostly below sea level, and must be protected by levees to keep water out.
3322- Continuing effort by US officials, for example, to focus narrowly on trade in services and agriculture impedes wider agreements by limiting the tradeoffs that can be made among sectors.
3323- Of the 12 large OECD economies, three--Germany, Italy, and France--were conspicuously un-dynamic: they missed the 1990's investment boom or were awfully late to it.
3324- Jews who rejected Jesus were, indeed, among the first to be intolerant toward the early Christians.
3325- One reason is that the State Department also issued a statement that America would help India to become a major world power in the twenty-first century, involving both a strategic and economic dialogue.
3326- At least 150, and perhaps as many as 200, listed firms have been privatized.
3327- True, America officially welcomed the launching of a common European security and defense policy.
3328- These examples should warn us away from three current tendencies.
3329- Start with the American consumer, who consumes everything on earth (helping the United States eat up 25% of world oil production) but saves essentially nothing.
3330- This should come as no surprise, as the Chinese government does not plan to hold free and fair elections soon.
3331- At the level of individual consciousness, this means that religious certainty is now harder to come by.
3332- The jury is still out on whether the hydrogen economy will be cost effective.
3333- Even in a good year, trade with the US is unlikely to grow that much.
3334- But a new form of political correctness is making reform difficult.
3335- Politicians and lawyers may dislike this solution, because it undermines the EU's principle of social inclusion for employment and resembles arrangements that currently apply to EU citizens who live in other member countries without working there.
3336- France's Ghetto Economy
3337- For Khrushchev's control over the Soviet military in Cuba was limited; U2 planes flying over Cuba were shot at despite Khrushchev's explicit orders to the contrary.
3338- Smallpox was eradicated even in the most remote impoverished countries; polio is well is on its way to eradication.
3339- Forty years ago, after legal segregation of blacks and whites formally ended in America, the United States was confronted by similar problems.
3340- It could also be due to special historical or cultural circumstances: some societies are just more successful than others, both in terms of economic development and with regard to their ability to develop and maintain democratic political institutions.
3341- According to the European security document adopted in 2003, "It is in the interest of the European Union to promote a ring of well-governed countries on its borders with whom it can enjoy close and cooperative relations."
3342- Mahan identified the conditions that determine "sea power":
3343- There are few buyers because Polish land is too poor.
3344- While xenophobia - provoked mostly by fears about immigration, EU enlargement, and pressures of globalization - has driven West European extremism, xenophobic radicalism in Europe's east has different causes.
3345- Are Americans now more concerned about "values?"
3346- Keynes famously retorted that in the long run we are all dead.
3347- The result was a hastily patched together deal in which Russia and Ukraine each gave ground on price, and a shadowy Swiss-based company half-owned by Gazprom rolled supplies of cheap gas from Turkmenistan into the equation.
3348- The Shi'a threat to the Saudi government is ideological. Indeed, it goes to the heart of the Saudi state's authority, owing to the Al Saud royal family's reliance on Wahhabi Islam to legitimate its rule.
3349- The realization in the United States that the war in Iraq has been lost is perhaps the most momentous fact of international politics in 2006.
3350- For example, the Judge Advocate General Corps routinely observes military interrogations from behind a two-way mirror; that practice was discontinued in Afghanistan and Iraq.
3351- What if the evolution of European consciousness proceeds not by an upward transfer of attachment to supranational institutions, but by a devolution of loyalties , and a revival of smaller, more meaningful, communities?
3352- Draghi, a respected MIT economist, favors economic reform and understands the role that a strong euro plays in spurring it.
3353- A suitable model for the ESC might be the UN Security Council, which allows concerted or joint action should agreement exist amongst its members.
3354- The most dramatic breakthrough of this kind occurred when General Electric, one of the world's most important, innovative, and respected companies, announced that it was going "green" with a major new corporate focus on environmentally sound technologies and a commitment to limit its own greenhouse gas emissions.
3355- Julia Tymoshenko, a former deputy prime minister turned dissident, explains why.
3356- In 2000, he wrote about a poetry contest in Cuba run by the dissident group Reflection.
3357- -2.4
3358- At the same time, he indicated his intention to advance diplomacy aimed at strengthening the solidarity among Asian nations, founded on "the Japan-US alliance for the world and for Asia."
3359- Whatever the particular values of leading candidates, this is undoubtedly progress.
3360- But no one can blame the US for that when Bush is offering to talk.
3361- Only an enhanced German relevance in European and world politics will convince America that it is time to bury the hatchet.
3362- Third, even if negotiations with less militant Chechens occur and succeed, terrorism will continue under the leadership of the religious fanatic Shamil Basaev.
3363- Only a few pesky obstacles--the UN, and the Iraqi people--stand in their way.
3364- Good decisions require accurate information, and this comes only through good accounting frameworks.
3365- Yet the closing of The Daily News seems to have prompted the first signs that things may be changing.
3366- Yet in pursuing partial goals he will not lose sight of higher objectives.
3367- Former dissidents, characterized by personal courage, truthfulness, and an ability to live on the margins -- perhaps because of these traits -- lack this training in mundane, practical politics.
3368- Assuming entry into both the EU and ERM II in 2004, new members should aim to enter the eurozone around 2006.
3369- That forest land will be lost, probably forever, and a few more numbers will be added to the global deforestation total next year.
3370- One whispers something to his neighbor, who then whispers that information to the next child, and so on, around the circle.
3371- His comparative advantage was on the outside, where he was free to develop his insights and express his views.
3372- Until the war started, Lebanon's beaches were among the cleanest in the Mediterranean.
3373- The story of the rejection last autumn of my appointment to be a member of the European Commission is notorious.
3374- This is why NATO will help tackle terrorism.
3375- This is important because it illustrates the dissimilar regional impact that trade with China has on Latin America and the Carribean, owing to the export of South America's basic goods, coupled with the growth of Chinese imports into Mexico.
3376- It's time for the world to tell America some hard news.
3377- The United Nations' sixtieth anniversary summit in September reflected its strengths and importance in the many areas in which the international community must work together.
3378- Even regulators and industry experts are not aware of the true numbers of deaths and adverse events, due to the lack of proper reporting.
3379- Moreover, economists contend that energy consumption per capita is declining, owing to more efficient use.
3380- This stance came as a shock from Fabius, a signatory of the Single Act of 1986, a party leader during the Maastricht Treaty negotiations, and Finance Minister when France adopted the euro in 2001.
3381- The forces of Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich foolishly stuffed ballots and intimidated the country's electoral commission to an absurd degree.
3382- Trade is also an engine of political and economic reform.
3383- UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan recently declared that the global pursuit of scientific endeavors is marked by inequality.
3384- Perhaps this has happened between the US and many Europeans; if so, the challenge now is to close that gap rather than exploit it, either for unilateral American interest or for enhancing European unity.
3385- Shell claimed it did not want to jeopardize these negotiations by making public the true state of its Nigerian reserves.
3386- Political dishonesty, it turns out, takes different forms.
3387- And governments must reallocate resources from institutions &#45;&#45; and the bureaucracies that have a vested interest in preserving their positions &#45;&#45; to organizations that support community-based living.
3388- Because Rumsfeld is the primary architect of the upcoming defense review, it is very unlikely to recommend an increase in the size of the force.
3389- Criminal and civil codes will be enforced; our courts will be allowed to find their feet and their freedom.
3390- If Iraq's economy falters as a result of a misguided economic reconstruction program based on shock therapy, the country will be further indebted with little to show for it.
3391- Even the necessary minimum of a common language requires a deliberate effort, to say nothing of certain rules of behavior.
3392- As a gesture intending to boost Kerry's chances, German Defense Minister Peter Struck suggested that his country might reconsider its position on troops in Iraq.
3393- Jacques Chirac, more cautiously, stated that stock options should be legally "encadrés" (framed).
3394- The US now has an opportunity to address the Palestinians' need to be free from military occupation.
3395- There are other families throughout the world that could buy that wheat farm with one day's wages.
3396- Fearful of challenging the armed terrorists, the international bodies that govern Kosovo prefer to appease them.
3397- Fortunately, such populism--for it is just that--is not ubiquitous.
3398- By the same token, reducing expectations means that the significance of the results should not be exaggerated.
3399- Ten new members, from Central Europe and the Mediterranean, will be admitted in 2004.
3400- Then came years of Cold War division. Half of the Baltic Sea became an economic dead sea.
3401- But the picture Russia presented to others and to itself was massively distorted.
3402- Today, by insisting on Presidential rotation and the equality of member states, whatever their size, the small countries are effectively adopting an inter-governmentalist position, because they fear that the real purpose of the Franco-German proposal is to ensure that the Council will remain under the leadership of a big member.
3403- The return of religion to politics -- and to public life in general -- is a serious challenge to the rule of democratically enacted law and the civil liberties that go with it.
3404- Second, while the shame of New Orleans could never happen in Europe, European social solidarity nonetheless is failing lower-income groups by not sufficiently delivering to them the benefits of economic growth.
3405- Policy can help open it up.
3406- Crime rates are falling, the public infrastructure revolutionized, corruption curtailed, and a sense of legitimate, transparent authority is being established. All this happened because an activist local administration enlisted the broad support of Bogatá's citizens.
3407- Despite anti-American sentiments among some South Koreans, a majority of the country's people wants American forces to remain as a stabilizing force.
3408- Increased fear of competition from emerging countries is also a natural consequence of the collapse of the speculative bubble in equities in 2000; stock markets in some countries fell to less than half their peak value.
3409- Unlike Asia, Africa did not have a Green Revolution in food production.
3410- In the second round of voting, Chirac will undoubtedly defeat Le Pen, possibly with a record majority.
3411- At least three factors will determine which path that injured nation takes.
3412- With the help of powerful groups within the US Administration, the Israeli government succeeded in redefining America's enemy in the "war on terror" to mean not only Osama bin Laden's globally operating Al Qaeda network, but every militant group of Palestinians that resists Israel's occupation.
3413- Interestingly, computer technology is exempted, as it can be used to further the extremist cause.
3414- Today's tragedy is that we are receding from this possible agreement.
3415- In an era of globalized financial markets, when countries can find it hard to cope with rapid cross-border capital flows, there is no time for complacency.
3416- The replicas, of course, will do the same thing.
3417- And, everywhere, it is likely to be another year in which the gap between the haves and the have-nots will widen.
3418- Meanwhile, the yen would weaken, helping exports, and even if the real exchange rate did not change much, given Japan's position as a major creditor, the yen value of its foreign holdings would increase, providing still more economic stimulus.
3419- Prospective French presidential candidate Nicolas Sarkozy wants the ECB to promote economic growth, not just price stability.
3420- Weimar Russia Revisited
3421- It is already having harmful consequences for others, and the greatest inequity is that it is the rich who are using most of the energy that leads to the emissions that cause climate change, while it is the poor who will bear most of the costs.
3422- With the costs of ousting Saddam Hussein and occupying Iraq likely to run at anywhere from $100 to $600 billion over the next decade, the US will want to "internationalize" Iraq's reconstruction.
3423- The essential task for the European Socialist Party now is to build a vision for Europe that addresses its constituencies' concerns and inspires their hopes.
3424- Recently, Israeli leaders have decided on unilateral actions without involving either the US or the Palestinians, with withdrawal from Gaza as the first step.
3425- In principle, the entire Eurozone forms a single market, but that is not how things work out in practice.
3426- The idea of a two-speed or variable-geometry Union, has long been debated, mainly as a way of finessing the Euro-skeptical foot-dragging of successive British governments.
3427- 5.
3428- The Bush Administration's reckless tax cuts and protectionist trade policies should be reversed.
3429- The Demise of Parliaments
3430- So Sarkozy and Royal are universally expected to be the two leading candidates heading into the "High Noon" encounter of the second round.
3431- For each of these countries, membership will mean a stable peace with its neighbors and reconciliation at home, as well as accelerated economic growth.
3432- Since the mid-l990's, they have been exploring--albeit cautiously and uncertainly--avenues of change, including flawed price liberalization many prices in mid-2002.
3433- In contrast, only Saudi Arabia can flood the market and reduce prices far below their current level.
3434- At home, Sarkozy has aimed his message particularly at the young, issuing a patriotic call to the values of work and discipline, a counter-revolutionary revolution.
3435- With international aid poorly coordinated and the United States reducing its troop strength, many Afghans believe that the outside world is abandoning them.
3436- It is only the government that steadfastly refuses to intervene in the debate or propose any action.
3437- The Republicans magnified their economic quackery by frantically trying to minimize public perceptions of the long-run fiscal problems of America's social-insurance system, largely to deflect attention from the fact that Bush threw away the budget surpluses President Clinton had bequeathed him - and with them what may have been the country's last best chance to fix things in this regard short of some form of disaster.
3438- It also requires specifying a common date for ratification (through simultaneous referenda or parliamentary votes) for all countries that have not yet done so, including France and the Netherlands.
3439- There is little doubt that Greenspan had great moments, when one could at least imagine a less deft governor doing the "wrong" thing with disastrous consequences.
3440- Purchases of second homes for pleasure were confined to the rich, and thus did not seem quite so much of a conversation topic for the rank-and-file business people that I meet at such conferences.
3441- That is the condition Nasrallah violated by ordering an attack on an Israeli patrol nowhere near the Sheba farms and launching rockets into Israeli territory.
3442- Indeed, if the US continues to pursue unattractive policies, it may find that its absence from the summit in Malaysia in December is a harbinger of things to come.
3443- Foreign investment has scarcely increased.
3444- An editorial assistant at the New York Times, Zhao Jing, writing under the pen name Michael Anti, broke the news on his widely read Chinese-language blog.
3445- These innocents are often kept in grossly inhumane conditions without access to medical care.
3446- The reason is that Karzai's government, and Karzai himself, are controlled by a small group of powerful men associated with the former Northern Alliance and dominated by Minister of Defense Marshall Fahim.
3447- This approach would be more effective than trying to force individual states to comply.
3448- Maradona has been condemned to lie naked in front of millions of his fans, and his country has been condemned to pursue and reclaim him with its suffocating passion.
3449- The main item on the agenda now is to design better social insurance, in order to minimize the pain from reallocation, be it from deregulation, technological progress, or globalization.
3450- In fact, perhaps Ukraine, too, is beginning to suffer its own form of revolutionary hangover.
3451- Her sense of security (and hence her indolence) is also increased because her political opponents are in complete disarray.
3452- Yet, stunningly, support for democracy is eroding almost everywhere.
3453- Obviously, Turkey's Islamists are not the only ones with serious doubts about the war.
3454- People used to feel insulated from economic problems that occurred beyond their country's borders.
3455- Lower oil prices would mean less money to spend on domestic projects that buoy his popularity -- or on the nuclear program.
3456- There is also a broad consensus that while markets are at the center of a successful economy, there is an important role for government.
3457- One doesn't need a Nobel Prize to figure that out.
3458- But that famous and disastrous era demonstrates the principles that I am stressing today.
3459- 
3460- Of course, pragmatism has its limits, because good government is also about upholding core values.
3461- The IMF is well advised to stay away from the details and not stretch its little political capital to so broad a range of issues with an inevitable failure in satisfying the whole range of partners in an ever-wider dialogue;
3462- But now the great challenges presented by the EU's new neighbors will push them to the forefront of the Union's foreign policy agenda.
3463- The Next IMF
3464- They realize that the al-Saud must choose: continue on the narrow path of repression and ethnic and religious intolerance, or adopt a more open and inclusive policy.
3465- This means a willingness to ask, "What else might happen?," "What if we're wrong?," "What could happen next?," and to look at the full range of potential outcomes--at their costs as well as their benefits--rather than assuming that results will match some fashionable ideology or favorite administration model.
3466- Let him go where we can't get at him, but with no guarantee of impunity if his actions or fate bring him to a place where justice can be done.
3467- Now they claim to have manufactured nuclear weapons for self-defense.
3468- A decade ago, I oversaw preparation of the US Pentagon's East Asian Strategy Report , which has guided American policy under the Clinton and Bush administrations.
3469- Katrina has also raised questions about other items on the president's agenda.
3470- Current trends, according to the United Nations, will push the world's population up to around 9.1 billion by 2050.
3471- But I am an exception.
3472- The range between the poorest and the richest countries in the world is a factor of more than 100.
3473- The purported reason for closing The Daily News is that the paper refused to register under the bizarrely named Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act (AIPPA) of 2002 on the grounds that it violates Zimbabwe's constitutional guarantee of freedom of expression.
3474- Its imperial overreach will instead come from having to police more peripheral countries than US public opinion will accept.
3475- Indeed, any Indian able to read this article should consider himself lucky, because India's politicians have succeeded in keeping a majority of the country's population thoroughly illiterate (as well as poor and unhealthy).
3476- But the US has less power - in the sense of control over other countries' internal behavior - than Britain did when it ruled a quarter of the globe.
3477- Indeed, Mexico's trade deficit with China reached $9 billion in 2003.
3478- Elected in 1996, after a campaign marked by strong claims of religious revival, the Welfare Party's Necmettin Erbakan made a conspicuous point of making his first official visits to Iran, Libya, Indonesia and Malaysia.
3479- Should we imprison mothers because they are willingly sacrifice their daughters' physical integrity on the altar of tradition?
3480- But there is a third, more worrisome, difference between Europe and the US.
3481- This can only be produced by successful and sustained capitalist development.
3482- But if a major flare-up causes investors to lose confidence in low volatility, the bottom could fall out from under equity and housing prices.
3483- China's heavy floods in recent years are partly the result, it seems, of the excessive melting of mountain snows on the Tibetan Plateau, which was caused by higher temperatures.
3484- They will always be looking for a lighthouse, faros , as we say in Greek.
3485- How could central banks, which depend on these financial markets to serve as the transmission mechanism of monetary policy, possibly rely on such models?
3486- The mother of parliaments itself, the British parliament at Westminster, frequently cuts short debates by a procedural device known as the "guillotine," so that important legislation, like the current Asylum Bill, remains largely undebated in the House of Commons.
3487- Tolerating them, as was done until recently, is increasingly dangerous.
3488- But the Japanese government has shown a remarkable record of fiscal responsibility, and could even calibrate the fraction of the deficit financed by issuing money.
3489- In Spain, all but three championships since 1985 have been won by either Real Madrid or Barcelona.
3490- This raises an interesting point.
3491- Khrushchev's speech to the Congress inspired doubt and second thoughts throughout the worldwide Communist movement.
3492- Moreover, a distortion of private incentives affects public incentives as well, and the two become intertwined.
3493- Arafat never grew beyond the man who appeared at the United Nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun.
3494- Incidentally, when one such anti-terrorist operation was suggested in the Pankisi Gorge in Georgia, Putin decided against it, understanding that instead of eliminating terrorists it would likely turn into a full blown traditional war.
3495- As the riots in France fade, French politicians are agonizing about how to proceed.
3496- It seems to work, but how?
3497- Often, optimal economic policies and best practices are not attainable -- or even desirable.
3498- But indigenous reform in the Middle East is only half the battle.
3499- Last, but not least, combating identity-based extremism calls for a greater capacity to integrate all those who live within the EU.
3500- Many expect the king to pull a rabbit out of his hat, to restore peace and start raising the living standards of Nepal's 25 million people, most of whom live below the poverty line.
3501- On the contrary, the cases identified so far may be only the tip of the iceberg, with a much larger number of asymptomatic infections posing a risk to public health through secondary transmission.
3502- Today Japan ranks first in the world in the number of patents, third in expenditure on research and development as a share of GDP, second in book sales and music sales, and highest for life expectancy.
3503- Bush might think that America is doing a lot to help overcome these problems, but the truth is that US aid is minimal.
3504- Indeed, we know more about the arrests made after the Tiananmen protests of 1989 than about those arrested today.
3505- But the 80,000 Russian soldiers opposing the rebels do have ammunition warehouses, from which arms are stolen and sold.
3506- This is a system European citizens will understand.
3507- Similarly, the US should cast a wary eye at Kuchma's decision to send troops to Iraq.
3508- That pilot project demonstrated that people with mental disabilities are capable of living as equal citizens when they receive appropriate assistance.
3509- All the Arab entries in an annual essay contest run by a Western agency used to focus on Israel's alleged responsibility for all the region's problems.
3510- Zidane offered neither of these romantic images.
3511- Once again killing on a great scale has been taking place, this time in a land in which Paradise is said to have once lay--the valley between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers.
3512- Chancellor Brown is also explicit in saying that the engine of growth everywhere is the private sector.
3513- He's preoccupied with his own enlarged heart, which, though weary, continues to beat.
3514- Only afterwards did a sense of proportion take hold, ironically by the Egyptian and Syrian leaders before anyone else.
3515- Is it not time for indigenous development, of countries and leaders alike?
3516- Simply put, China's problem is that its economic growth has been so spectacular that it risks firing people's imaginations a bit too intensely.
3517- Moreover, the presidential election will not be the last word, since it will be followed by parliamentary elections.
3518- The reasons are simple and brutal.
3519- In this case, victory was also followed by a devastating civil war.
3520- · The Pilot Program to Conserve the Brazilian Rainforests, funded by the Brazilian government and the G7 countries, has provided $420 million in the past decade for alternatives to deforestation.
3521- Will America's Stock Market Collapse Lead to Depression?
3522- The new populist and nationalist parties are suspicious of Europe in general, and of EU enlargement in particular.
3523- The elections last November that brought the Justice and Development Party (AKP) to power were preceded by a dispute between the members of the then-ruling coalition over enacting the reforms demanded by the EU.
3524- Whither the US economy?
3525- Recent jitters about Iceland's gaping trade deficit and Brazil's new finance minister rippled around the world, reminding global investors that while many emerging markets are gradually moving towards investment-grade status, most are not there yet.
3526- Similarly, a task force of the 165-member Codex Alimentarius Commission, the joint food standards program of the UN's World Health Organization and its Food and Agriculture Organization, has singled out only food products made with GM for various Draconian and even bizarre regulatory procedures and requirements.
3527- Last week, the President of the European Convention, Valery Giscard d'Estaing, submitted a so-called "skeleton" for a future Constitution of Europe.
3528- That is what has happened during the Bush years.
3529- But Norway's problems, while hardly on a par with Sub-Saharan Africa or Afghanistan, are nonetheless serious enough to elicit concern, if not pity.
3530- It is anathema to the concept of a free society to segregate people solely on the basis of mental disability, to ignore their most-basic human rights, to bar them from access to education and employment, to deny them the freedom to choose where and how they live and with whom they can associate.
3531- Doling out top international jobs by nationality is a terrible practice and choosing Fischer's replacement presents a wonderful opportunity to make a break with this routine.
3532- All this was done without consultations between the French and German governments and their partners within the EU. It was a demonstration of the special relationship between France and Germany that has for so many years been the driving force in European integration.
3533- Thus, the moon may appear more distant to people who say: "The moon looks close."
3534- Fixing, not Sinking, the WTO
3535- It is surely only a matter of time -- a short time -- before China makes its political and military weight felt.
3536- The prevailing response in the 1960's to Israel's triumph was that the Arabs should adapt the guerilla strategies pursued by the Vietnamese, Chinese, and Cubans.
3537- Neither the government nor the current opposition possesses it, which means that Russians must look beyond Putin's Russia.
3538- But to see these as Ukraine's only options is to mistake weariness for wisdom, and to be discouraged rather than to understand.
3539- 
3540- In 2005, the World Bank ranked China 142nd out of 204 countries on the "Control of Corruption" index.
3541- That won't be easy to do, but we could make a start by imposing a tax on factory-farm products until enough revenue is raised to pay for the precautions that governments now have to take against avian influenza.
3542- You may not have to be a Christian in the light of Darwinism, but this does not mean that you cannot be one.
3543- For the third time in seven years the Tories are devouring their own leader, without any viable alternative leader for the party anywhere in sight.
3544- The long-run connection between money and price developments is among the most robust economic relationships.
3545- Declaring war on terrorism was understandable, perhaps even appropriate, as a figure of speech.
3546- Proud Germany, the inventor of the modern university system as most of the world currently knows it, now sees its students ranked at the bottom in tests of knowledge and competence.
3547- In other words, countries complying with the Pact would now pay the bill for the lack of fiscal discipline in France and Germany.
3548- Even in moribund economies like Germany and Italy, where employment security is vanishing, corporations are swimming in cash.
3549- But unskilled workers' incomes are not keeping pace with overall economic growth, and the resulting social strains are a ticking bomb. 
3550- Once again, Russia's big businessmen have united behind Chubais.
3551- Capitals may be renamed.
3552- The reason for examining output per person rather than output per hour worked is simple: what determines a nation's wealth is how much each person works, and how many people work.
3553- All NATO allies and EU members want the US to remain committed to Europe's future, to take the lead elsewhere in meeting security needs on which all agree, and to admit Europe into its strategic confidence.
3554- Regulation without redistribution could undermine the EU's legitimacy among the newcomers.
3555- Lacking oil, the Turks were obliged to develop their economy without resort to exports of natural resources, and have done pretty well until recently.
3556- Internationally, however, he was out of step with the post Cold War era.
3557- I recognize that every new regulation has unintended adverse consequences, but this does not mean reform should be abandoned.
3558- It has been overwhelmingly observed that the worst-hit people in New Orleans were poor African-Americans living in the city's low-lying districts.
3559- But bad economic times are rarely moments when governments push bold international economic proposals.
3560- Cultural messages can also be conveyed by the way that sports teams or stars conduct themselves, or in the multiple images purveyed by television or cinema.
3561- I am not one of those people who think Russia is so naturally collectivist that free trade and an open economy cannot work there.
3562- No one shows up at Treasury auctions to buy US bonds, and fewer foreigners buy US stocks or companies and real estate.
3563- Indeed, in the last round of trade negotiations, the Uruguay Round, the world's poorest region, sub-Saharan Africa, was actually made worse off.
3564- After all, isn't Enron's bankruptcy a crystal-clear example of inmates controlling their guards?
3565- But removing some public expenditures from the deficit runs counter to sound execution of fiscal policy.
3566- Not only is foreign capital conspicuously absent, but so are foreign managers, workers, intellectuals, and ideas.
3567- The cult of Saddam Hussein forms only a distant approximation.
3568- The Convention's draft Treaty provides for a more simple and comprehensible structure for the EU based on more democratic and transparent co-operation between member states.
3569- There have been few such tragic moments in football history.
3570- Falling interest rates in recent years pushed up real estate prices and allowed America's upper middle class to treat their houses as enormous ATM's, lowering savings still more.
3571- In fact, new models to square the circle of economic growth, social cohesion, and political liberty may be emerging in some of the countries that have grasped the mantle of globalization.
3572- On the European side is the temptation to speed the emergence of the Union as an international actor by constantly claiming autonomy or independence from the US.
3573- The idea of the IFF is to guarantee that donor countries double their aid levels during the next decade, so that well-governed poor countries can make the investments they need to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
3574- The Chinese can delay, but they can't hide from a fundamental economic law: if the exchange rate between the currencies of two countries is fixed and capital flows between them are unrestricted, the economically dominant one will exercise control over the monetary policy of the other.
3575- Of course, defense capability cannot be judged solely according to force levels.
3576- Because of Islam's messianic fusion of the political, religious and cultural dimensions, says Huntington, the West and Islam are destined to "clash" because the two systems are fundamentally irreconcilable.
3577- Finally, most of the ammunition used in wars consists of nitrogen compounds.
3578- Every bloody day of bombings and executions in Iraq reminds Arabs that the Iranians are neither Arab nor Sunni.
3579- Midwestern and southwestern states have been in a prolonged drought that might well be the result of long-term warming, and the farm states rely heavily on water from a huge underground reservoir that is being depleted by over-pumping.
3580- Shevardnadze responded by threatening his own resignation if those officials were forced out.
3581- But time is running out. The ICTY must wrap up new indictments this year, and disband by 2008.
3582- In the end, Iraq's voters will decide whether this is a constitution under which they wish to be governed for the foreseeable future.
3583- One retired businessman said, "Let's kill them all.
3584- Admittedly, Turkey has a long way to go. But to endanger this process here and now, in full awareness of the possible costs, is an act of very costly stupidity on the part of the Europeans -- and stupidity is the worst sin in politics.
3585- After 1989 Poles (as happened in other postcommunist countries) gained freedom but lost their national identity, which had been constructed on the revulsion they felt towards their oppressors.
3586- Because Chinese internet users are now more likely to find out about a breaking story in real time and question why the official press hasn't covered it, China's conventional media now feel pressure from the public to cover events that they might otherwise dodge.
3587- But in one area of human rights protection, much-maligned Serbia has taken an unprecedented step that puts ahead of all the rest of Central and Eastern Europe, including states that are already members of the European Union.
3588- Not so in Europe, where the interests of a company's employees and their unions often come before those of its shareholders.
3589- In addition, local talent would be nurtured in its home context.
3590- The fact that the party leader Mr.Erdogan was prevented through technicalities from becoming a deputy in the Parliament and thus Prime Minister makes the maintenance of this balance even more tricky.
3591- Similarly, after some theological debate, British Muslims have widely accepted that they owe unreserved loyalty to Britain.
3592- The exact amount depends on how rapidly Americans re-direct their spending from imports to domestically-produced goods, and how much of an expected recovery in the dollar's exchange rate is needed to persuade investors to hold US assets while the spending switchover takes place.
3593- This is understandable: the communist justice system was manipulated to serve the regime, and thousands of judges cannot be replaced overnight.
3594- Throughout my entire career I have worked with many people whose driving impulse has been to serve Hong Kong.
3595- Failure to do so leads, over time, to terminal organizational weakness, owing to lost credibility amongst employees, shareholders, customers, and communities.
3596- Bush's war in Iraq has done untold damage to America as well, impairing its military power and undermining the morale of the armed forces.
3597- They are contained in three concepts: freedom, solidarity, and mutual respect. These three together make it possible for Europe to open its doors to a great diversity of peoples and at the same time to speak as a community of peoples prepared to take responsibility for one another.
3598- Their leaders want to rescue the state, not raze it.
3599- Optimists predict a recession of the second type; pessimists suspect that a third variety recession is lurking in the economic shadows.
3600- Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors to forge the Single Market in 1986.
3601- Urlanis's argument -- that men, not women, are the more delicate creatures -- is even more relevant now, with family life decaying, half of marriages ending in divorce, and the number of fatherless children rising to record levels.
3602- But the elevation of the Social Chapter, previously a list of good intentions, to the status of fundamental constitutional rights, threatens to encumber workers and businesses in the member states with burdensome judicial proceedings and expensive social entitlements written by judges in Luxembourg whose last word is beyond appeal.
3603- More importantly, no one ignores that the old ways have to go if prosperity is to be maintained.
3604- As far as international human rights law is concerned, the Bush administration has been silent.
3605- Only after the vote did the Chief of Staff publicly endorse the original proposal to bring in American troops.
3606- People have recently compared him to Georgia's President Mikhail Saakashvili - whether as an insult or as a compliment.
3607- In the strategy of the ECB this is the role of crosschecking.
3608- Despite Communists' self-proclaimed ``divine right'' to a monopoly on power, other systems have proven far more vulnerable to monarchist seizures.
3609- All of these problems are solvable, but they are not being solved in many places.
3610- Sadly, America is not alone in viewing devaluation as a panacea for domestic problems.
3611- The same sort of logic applies to the large states: France and Germany are losing skilled labor at the same time as they are drawing in cheaper labor from Eastern Europe.
3612- They know that despite the extensive damage that they could inflict on the South, in the end, they would be destroyed by American and South Korean power if combat ever starts.
3613- Elsewhere in the region, Singapore has apparently opted to purchase 12 new F-15SG fighter aircraft from the United States.
3614- As a result, networks of dissidents arose in both the USSR and China after the deaths of Stalin and Mao.
3615- Many Germans remain torn not only about Iraq, but about war in general.
3616- In countries like Germany, which have been on the ropes since the signing of the Maastricht Treaty, a continuation of stagnation or outright recession would deeply strain budgets and credibility.
3617- Although Hamas has ruled this out, it has shown no hesitation to use heavy force against its opponents.
3618- The same growth rate can bring anything from a modest drop in poverty to a dramatic decline.
3619- But excessive catches are not even the whole story.
3620- The future may provide answers, but the political fallout is clear and the impact substantial.
3621- Two years ago, Russians could look at the world with satisfaction.
3622- Even Britain's Secretary of State for Education admits that higher education would need 18 billion additional euros in the budget merely to return standards of education to where they were ten years ago in terms of staff-student ratios and the condition of buildings and equipment.
3623- He was afraid, he explained, that if he appointed new people they would start over in their depredations, putting a much heavier burden on Egypt.
3624- The next time around, trade talks should take up the two most glaring omissions to date:
3625- The same goes for light skin, large breasts, Gentile noses, or a sparkling personality.
3626- More intense competition, within and across countries, has decreased the available rents.
3627- None of this progress, however, has been accompanied by the strengthening of our citizens' sense of responsibility to their nation.
3628- Instead, their attention is captivated solely by CAFTA's uncertain promises.
3629- It immediately regained its strength, its sense of humor, and its industriousness.
3630- In the final years of the Clinton administration, Congress mistakenly abolished the US Information Agency and gave its tasks to a new Undersecretary for Public Diplomacy in the State Department.
3631- The Twentieth Congress shattered the world Communist movement, and it turned out to be impossible to cement the cracks.
3632- The worst environmental effect on health is probably the one most directly associated with the destruction of infrastructure: the release of asbestos.
3633- Initially, this was not obvious to all.
3634- The nature of capitalist growth requires us to take a more holistic view and work out how we can achieve sustainable development.
3635- Angela Merkel, the Christian Democrats' candidate, is a reformer, holding out hope for Germany's future -- and that of Europe.
3636- As the C onvention worked, our mandate was transformed due to various pressures.
3637- Al-Baradei was even more accommodating. Relying solely on radiation detection equipment at various sites and some environmental samples--but without interviewing a single scientist in private, he declared that there was no evidence that Iraq had reconstituted its nuclear weapons program.
3638- That view belongs to a school of modern macroeconomics that assumes rational expectations and perfectly functioning markets.
3639- What Communism Still Teaches Us
3640- But these relative prices will increasingly reflect the changed demands of the aging citizenry of industrial nations.
3641- The Commission even reached consensus on a number of concrete measures to help put a "human face" on globalization - or at least mitigate some of its worst effects.
3642- Unfortunately, the world is at a point where it can see the danger from terrorism but not the cure.
3643- Perhaps, though, Saddam was too eager to sell oil concessions to French, Russian, and Italian companies rather than British and US companies.
3644- These feelings, it appears, are directly related to the violence gripping Iraq, and the role of foreigners in the country's perilous security situation.
3645- As John Lennon sang in 1968, "if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao, you ain't gonna make it with anyone anyhow."
3646- For many parents, nothing is more important than giving their child the best possible start in life.
3647- Musharraf's vulnerable domestic position makes him probably the last man who can resolve with India the core issue of Kashmir.
3648- While the enemy is skillful at manipulating the media and using the tools of communications to their advantage, we have an advantage as well: truth is on our side, and, ultimately, truth wins out.
3649- Sadly, however, the reality of its failure to come anywhere close to achieving its stated goals has not dented the minds of national governments: not one state has voiced its opposition to current strategies.
3650- Sešelj was much helped by Miloševic who, from his cell in the Hague, urged his Socialist Party to vote for Sešelj, not for one of its own two quarrelling candidates.
3651- Once upon a time, until 1997, America's current account deficit was relatively small--just 1% of GDP.
3652- It would be an immensely encouraging sign of China's growing maturity if its leaders used this moment to look beyond the bitter past toward a new future with Japan.
3653- Yet it may also indicate that America's political elites are in the process of facing up to new realities and adjusting their view of China accordingly.
3654- By opposing the development of such systems, however, the pro-ABM Treaty position creates a situation in which unsuspecting and peaceful citizens in Russia, the United States, and other countries are held permanently hostage to nuclear blackmail.
3655- Bin Laden's constantly highlights the House of Saud's corruption and repugnant connections with the United States.
3656- Some theorists include in this formulation the perceived distance of the moon (how far it appears to be from an observer).
3657- The biggest one is that it was the type of disaster to which policymakers pay too little attention -- one that has a very low or unknown probability of occurring, but that creates enormous losses if it does occur.
3658- He saw no contradiction between his beliefs and the setting in which he expressed them.
3659- Moreover, an egalitarian climate does not promote innovation and a sense of dynamic development.
3660- In many ways, they began to see fighting big business as akin to fighting terrorists.
3661- Or did the pattern of abuse amount to so many orders from superiors to "soften up" prisoners for interrogation?
3662- Conversely, Calderón's argument did.
3663- Among other problems, the Kyoto Protocol does not go far enough towards redistributing carbon emission rights towards developing countries.
3664- Population pressures will ease, as will the strain on fragile tropical ecosystems.
3665- President Jacques Chirac of France, but also Brazil's leftist president, Lula da Silva support a tax on airline tickets designed to finance poor countries' development. Similarly, the centrist leader François Bayrou, has proposed imposing a "Tobin tax" (named after its creator, the Nobel laureate economist James Tobin) on financial transactions, with the proceeds to be used to support socially worthy causes.
3666- So an invasion might have led to the death of 80 million Americans and the obliteration of Cuba simply because Kennedy's government did not have the facts right (which is often more common than not when the executive must take a solitary decision.)
3667- The low prices that the privatized assets are likely to fetch will create the sense of an illegitimate sell-off foisted on the country by the occupiers and their collaborators.
3668- Bolivia's Populist Temptation
3669- European financial markets were, and to some extent still are, dominated by a few large banks.
3670- It will be interpreted as a stab in the back of US efforts to maintain stability in the region.
3671- The increasing role of the Indian diaspora in the US, particularly in the information industries, also had an influence, as has the rise in bilateral trade accompanying India's surging economic growth. Equally important are strategic concerns about transnational terrorism and the rise of Chinese power.
3672- The Bush administration praised Saudi Arabia's municipal elections, but what about the rights of women—including their voting rights?
3673- To the extent that the Bush administration has a coherent philosophy for domestic policy, it is the idea of the "ownership society" -- the belief that intermediary institutions, whether governments, unions, or the benefits departments of companies, should get out of the business of providing social insurance.
3674- My hosts, the Kweku Hutchful Foundation, invited me with a different question in mind: How can Ghanaian leaders be developed?
3675- We have a self-imposed embargo. We limit ourselves."
3676- Worse, no one can be sure that such setbacks will not occur again.
3677- Although we cannot know how many lives would be lost and how much misery would be inflicted in an invasion of Iraq to oust Saddam's regime, the cost would unquestionably be great.
3678- These implicitly authorize prosecution of those responsible for a "joint criminal enterprise," thus linking liability for criminal behavior such as deportations and removals to other foreseeable atrocities.
3679- They gave him medals, higher and higher ranks, horses, automobiles, privileges, everything.''
3680- The most important reason is a sharp improvement in corporate earnings, and in economic conditions in general.
3681- Thirty-five years ago, they promised to give 0.7% of their GNP to poor countries as development aid.
3682- A recent fashion in St. Petersburg are restaurants with names such as "Lenin's Mating Call," "USSR," and "Russian Kitsch," which has frescos showing collective farmers socializing with American Indians while Leonid Brezhnev, resembling Frank Sinatra, gives a speech to a stone-age tribe.
3683- But he has long-term responsibilities - both to Mexicans in Mexico and to Mexicans in the US - that go beyond obtaining a short-term political victory.
3684- The driver, who didn't know what he was carrying, said that he was stopped 50 times on the journey. But it was always the same.
3685- Having just passed through the bloodiest century in human history, increasing the zone of indifference to the ultimate goals of others--as long as they are not directed against us--should be mankind's top priority.
3686- These countries should be given incentives to maintain their forests. (There are, as always, technical issues to be resolved, concerning monitoring and measurement, but these can be overcome easily with modern technologies.)
3687- These leaders would do better to look across the Mediterranean at Cyprus and see how - without giving up claims to disputed land - refugees can live in dignity and honor.
3688- The number of working-age Japanese will thus fall sharply, bringing the ratio of workers to retirees to about one.
3689- On the contrary, employment outside manufacturing and trade declined, so that the economy as a whole suffered a net loss of 1.26 million full-time equivalent jobs.
3690- For example, some of the 15 or so centrist parties who support the BJP-led coalition national government are demanding real action in Gujarat, including removal of its Chief Minister.
3691- They are a new type of individuality here, the individuality of the entrepreneur/survivor against the tyranny of the socialist crowd.
3692- Of the thirteen reformers who were arrested, ten submitted to this demand, but the other three refused and have paid the price.
3693- In broad terms, Ukraine seeks security and stability, and it should be remembered that our record here is strong.
3694- Their message to the rulers is that it will no longer suffice to identify being Saudi exclusively with being Wahhabi Najdi.
3695- This remains true today.
3696- This could be a grave mistake.
3697- This is why UN inspections are vital, and it is also why Blair and French President Jacques Chirac were right to support and strengthen those in the Bush administration who recognized the place of the UN Security Council in the process.
3698- Rejecting the idea of a holy alliance between the two countries, al-Khatib said, ``This relationship was not a strategic alliance between the two countries, but a relationship of mutual interests and benefits.''
3699- Pigs eating greedily from the family table.
3700- Its stagnation and fiscal bleeding present a dramatic challenge to world stability.
3701- Perhaps this is one of the reasons why 15 years after the fall of Communism, we again witness political apathy.
3702- The list of problems facing Latin America is long, but the salient themes are easily distinguishable.
3703- This World Cup demonstrates three main developments that the sport has undergone.
3704- Although trade with Central America represents only about 1.5% of total US trade, the outcome of the debate on DR-CAFTA will shape US trade policy -- which sets the tone for other rich countries' stance in trade talks -- for years to come.
3705- 0.7
3706- What about the one billion Indians or the 1.2 billion Chinese?
3707- A Turning Point for Europe's Constitution
3708- There must therefore be a presumption in favor of the US line of action, a point made forcefully and persuasively by Britain's Prime Minister, Tony Blair.
3709- Meanwhile, with investment in Gazprom's core activity -- production -- steadily declining, a crisis is looming, one that requires the stewardship and steady hand of the EU.
3710- Gani Fawehinmi, a fiery lawyer who made his name as a human rights campaigner under military rule, is the candidate of the National Conscience Party (NCP).
3711- It was more concerned with posing as an inflation-fighter.
3712- The Badr Brigade is composed of several thousand Palestinians, mostly long-time PLO activists.
3713- More generally, there is little evidence that countries with independent central banks grow faster, have higher wages, or generate higher incomes--indeed, that they perform better in any real sense--than those that do not. Once inflation starts, it increases at a faster and faster rate, and the costs of reversing it are high. The truth: there is no evidence of an inflation precipice, or that the costs of reversing inflation (in terms, say, of pushing unemployment to high levels) are any greater than the benefits from inflation (in terms, say, of allowing unemployment to fall to low levels). Inflation is bad for growth and productivity. The truth: below a critical threshold--a threshold far beyond the levels of inflation that now prevail in Europe and North America--there is no evidence of significant adverse effects from inflation.
3714- Of course, where well functioning institutions are missing, informal dollarization has often been used as a way to store wealth and conduct business.
3715- US leadership to preserve the peaceful connections of a networked global society is the true foreign policy calling of the 21st century.
3716- When it first appeared, the new satellite channel broadcast from Qatar reflected its own name.
3717- A few weeks ago, a previously unknown organization called "The Martyr's Brigade" claimed credit for attacks on Delta pipelines, raising concerns among multinationals that mercenary resistance in the region is becoming ideological.
3718- According to Royal's Socialist critics, the "Hollywoodization" of politics from which she benefits entails a new approach in which leaders follow and followers lead.
3719- This will require a shift to renewable energy sources such as solar power, and perhaps nuclear power, as well as new technologies to capture carbon dioxide at power plants and then to dispose of the carbon dioxide in safe underground deposits.
3720- By using the "emergency law," which has restricted freedom since 1981, together with censorship and rigged elections, Egypt's government treats its citizens like serfs.
3721- The crisis did provide doctors with some greater understanding of how to detect methyl mercury poisoning.
3722- Americans tend to talk a lot about morality and justice. But most Americans still fail to realize that their country's refusal to sign the Kyoto protocol, and their subsequent business -- as-usual approach to greenhouse gas emissions, is a moral failing of the most serious kind.
3723- By taking an essentially passive position, this approach might merely prolong the Age of Terrorism needlessly.
3724- As with the HIPC Initiative of which it is a part, the MDRI will do more than reduce debt: it will free up resources that can be devoted to poverty reduction and economic development.
3725- She may even want to confirm that message by making her first official trip abroad not to Paris but to Warsaw or Vilnius.
3726- Compare Argentina with another grain exporter, Australia, which has been hit by some of the same shocks.
3727- The discovery could also work to prevent hereditary breast cancer cells from growing into tumors.
3728- When things go wrong -- as is likely, given mounting social strains caused by rising inequality, environmental degradation, and deteriorating public services -- China's alienated masses could become politically radicalized.
3729- Indeed, the episodes that make it into the media beyond the Mainland are usually such protests.
3730- With the decision of its member states to send several thousand soldiers to Lebanon to implement the UN cease-fire resolution 1701, the European Union has taken the most significant decision yet within its Neighborhood Policy.
3731- Measuring risks, especially important long-term ones, is imprecise and difficult.
3732- China presents a different picture.
3733- But factors beyond taxes and benefits also contribute to low employment rates in all the three major euro-zone economies: high minimum wages and some features of employment protection legislation slow down the flow of workers through the job market.
3734- We had a terrible time trying to publish our writings or getting coverage of the society's activities.
3735- Only then will Africa's tolerance for tyrants be ended.
3736- While enlargement remains the EU's most important geo-strategic goal, we must shoulder our global responsibility in other ways as well.
3737- Bush's excessively literal interpretation of the requirements of honesty conceals a deeper dishonesty whose consequences have been far more morally serious.
3738- That unity need not mean a uniformity of tactics or views, but rather a union of purpose.
3739- This fact will be noted everywhere, particularly in Teheran.
3740- As soon as one country repays its loans, the IMF is better placed to re-lend the foreign exchange to the next country in crisis.
3741- Of course, there has never been any reason to expect the left to be more honest than anyone else.  To be sure, socialist, communist, or Castroite movements and leaders in Latin America have traditionally denounced graft, influence-peddling, and government grand larceny by the hemisphere's traditional right-wing dictatorships or even centrist constitutional regimes.
3742- Should the disastrous events contemplated here occur, a new global economy will eventually emerge from the ashes.
3743- Nothing on a similar scale has been reported in this war.
3744- But that can no longer be an argument against diplomacy now that Israeli unilateralism has once again proven to be a strategic blind alley.
3745- In 1990, Europeans and Americans joined forces to reverse Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
3746- The final source of rights is nature.
3747- But the importance of the distribution of seats pales in comparison to that of the longer-term changes in Israeli politics implied by Kadima's victory.
3748- Tariffs on industrial goods in the advanced countries are already low enough that developing countries are unlikely to receive many benefits--and they have much to lose from another unfair trade agreement.
3749- To cope with this deficiency, some scientists have tried to reinvent the tools of one level in order to apply them to another.
3750- Even non-economically-minded voters perceive the striking difference with the US, where productivity growth has skyrocketed since the mid-1990s and unemployment is far lower.
3751- Anti-Japanese riots across China have heightened tensions in Asia.
3752- When Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei hinted that Iran could play the oil card, US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice dismissed the idea.
3753- To prevent this, Portugal, Poland, Lithuania, Slovenia, and recently Croatia and Ukraine reduced the constitutional powers of the directly elected president and increased the parliament's powers.
3754- What strikes me as dangerous is that the issue of peace -- the motor that has driven European integration from the start -- rarely comes up in the debate about what to do in the wake of these events.
3755- Because countries, not development banks, are in the driver's seat, taxpayers will control how funds are spent.
3756- I think the future for progressive politics lies in leaders trusting citizens .
3757- When Brazil's Supreme Court ruled in the case of Sigfried Ellwanger ­- an editor, author, and notorious Nazi sympathizer - it entered the perilous field where free speech and efforts to contain racism meet.
3758- A few Afghan provinces, including those along parts of the border with Pakistan and its Taliban sanctuaries, have little or no ISAF presence and no Provincial Reconstruction Teams.
3759- Both were to be achieved within a liberal order.
3760- In the constitutional convention, the Blair government accepted the inclusion of its provisions in the body of the text, but insisted on language limiting their reach.
3761- Together we can prevent a new silver curtain from replacing Europe's old iron curtain.
3762- Of course, people are not really unaware of life's big risks. We simply ignore them for reasons that are rooted in human psychology.
3763- The US, in these leaders' view, can act without the world's applause.
3764- The compact builds on the 2001 Bonn Agreement, which laid the framework for a democratic Afghanistan but left much to be done to overcome that war-torn country's tragic legacy.
3765- They must perform household chores and are subject to beating if they do not carry out orders issued by male family members.
3766- Thus, whereas North Korea's announcement of its nuclear capability strongly condemned Japan and the US, it did not mention China, Russia, and South Korea, which had been more conciliatory during the six-party talks.
3767- Its influence is mediated by many other factors.
3768- Will the American public tolerate an imperial role?
3769- The sad thing about the power that Poland's peasants now exert is that theirs is a wholly negative one.
3770- So Americans are right not to let declarations about the end of the US recession make them feel good.
3771- In retrospect, some of what both the Bush and Clinton Administrations did in echoing market fundamentalists around the world -- but carried even further -- seems particularly absurd.
3772- It would be clear that what West Germany had in mind was not reunification, but reversing the consequences of Nazi Germany's defeat in 1945.
3773- Almost a decade into a free trade agreement that institutionalized integration, most Mexicans still don't know how to behave toward Americans.
3774- Moreover, almost 40% of all child deaths occur in the neonatal period, with Africa and South Asia accounting for two-thirds of the total.
3775- At first glance, Bush's task looks easy.
3776- Where is our dignity?
3777- The contest over the election results is a political issue that must be resolved politically.
3778- Victory Day this year will likely be the last "round" anniversary of 1945 that Russia can commemorate while many thousands of veterans are alive and able to participate.
3779- But not talking about priorities does not make the need to prioritize go away.
3780- It cannot be said too often that democracy and the rule of law are not the same thing.
3781- Oxfam, one of the world's leading NGOs, with offices and branches all over the world, is absent altogether.
3782- After all, how would a Brazilian default affect Mexico?
3783- The law should be no more immune to critical examination than any other creed.
3784- All regional and local actors should be involved.
3785- But why can't the US bring itself to raise taxes on gasoline and other sources of carbon emission like coal burning power plants?
3786- and persecution of any and all Iraqis suspected of dissent or disloyalty.
3787- Humans stopped using stone because bronze and iron were superior materials.
3788- With deposit insurance, clients who no longer risk losing their money have no incentive to monitor their bank, while banks, with no one watching, have incentives to invest in excessively risky projects.
3789- By mid-century, Japan's population could shrink by 30% unless it attracts 17 million immigrants -- a hard task in a country historically resistant to immigration.
3790- Could the Malayan military strategy to contain the rebellion have been imported?
3791- Chen should have celebrated Taiwan's "Chineseness" proudly and loudly, thereby distinguishing the island from the barbaric legacy of the Chinese Communist Party.
3792- Rejecting IMF demands for higher interest rates, utility price increases, budget tightening, and maintenance of the peso's unsustainable link to the US dollar, Nestor Kirchner's government was able to chart its own economic course.
3793- This is the basis of America's insistence on administrative reforms.
3794- But the war in Lebanon and its consequences have caused a sudden and fundamental change in the leisurely pursuit of this policy.
3795- The lower the price of risk, the higher the price of risky assets.
3796- But America's economic program for reconstructing Iraq is laying the foundations for poverty and chaos.
3797- Everything seems to point to a Soviet-style victory for President Lukashenko.
3798- Outraged at being forced to back down, the Japanese invested in shipyards to build a modern fleet.
3799- He welcomed Tito's rise in Yugoslavia as an internal challenge to Moscow's hegemony that he hoped others would emulate.
3800- Some investors do succeed at this, but it is tougher than it sounds.
3801- Had labor force participation remained at the level of the late 1990's, the unemployment rate would be far higher.
3802- But such a debate also demands an organizational framework to engage European civil society, national parliaments, and pan-European mass media.
3803- Rich countries - like the US - are in the best position to bear those risks.
3804- If a war against terror is a battle for hearts and minds, it is hard to imagine anything that would do more harm to the principal agent's moral case.
3805- The real sources of growth are not to be found in supplies and demands and the allocation of scarce resources to alternative uses, but in technological and organizational change -- about which economists have too little to say.
3806- The answer to the first question is, the rule of law.
3807- Nevertheless, a growing schism between left and right has led to a distressing level of policy paralysis.
3808- Venezuela is merely being pulled along in China's tailwind thanks to high oil prices.
3809- They were sometimes naive, as when Spencer hoped that rich citizens would nearly automatically be good citizens and thus find it natural to help those who were not so successful.
3810- But delegates to the Convention should not stop there.
3811- It also signals, correctly, that both main opposition parties did not appreciate the implications of Schröder's victory in 1998.
3812- But other goals, such as promoting democracy and human rights, are better achieved by soft power.
3813- One could trace its beginnings to the 1970's, when recycled petrodollars fueled large capital inflows to developing nations.
3814- Similarly, transnational corporations are often targets of NGO campaigns to "name and shame" companies that pay low wages in poor countries.
3815- The IMF seems to have learned much from its mistakes -- at least rhetorically.
3816- Suddenly, economists (especially in the United States) began to measure substantial productivity gains.
3817- The Cold War's end changed everything.
3818- This approach defines genes according to an organism's observable characteristics.
3819- I don't dare to believe, as Dostoevsky did, that beauty can save our world.
3820- But the opposite is true: a reference to God is both constitutionally permissible and politically imperative.
3821- He himself presided over many violations, a fact noted by the OSCE back in 1999.
3822- They want to hear him speak, to know his stories, to feel his presence.
3823- Neighbors that used to be transit states for drugs are now major consumers, owing to similar dramatic increases in opium and heroin addiction.
3824- In terms of basic values, there is such a thing as the West.
3825- Recent news coverage showed Ken Lay, the former CEO of Enron, being led away in handcuffs.
3826- Such an alliance would make Yushchenko's rule, if he wins, more difficult - and he knows it.
3827- Securities investment funds now account for roughly 30% of tradable stock market capitalization, although this represents only 0.9% of GDP, compared to more than 5% in India.
3828- But reaching this figure will not be possible--even if scaled back--because the government seems unable to curb public spending and because the European Commission will not accept new budgetary subterfuges from Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti aimed at evading the constraints imposed by the Euro-zone's Growth and Stability Pact.
3829- Damage due to hurricanes is relatively easy to observe and can't be blamed on human mistakes.
3830- In the 1950s, the answer was simple: Europeans should never go to war against each other again.
3831- After working for more than ten years as a government farm adviser and accomplishing little, she was chosen by a foreign donor to gain a bachelor's degree in agriculture.
3832- International chambers of commerce play a very active and vital role in government consultations.
3833- The EU will also have to devise policies governing the movement of goods and people across its new borders.
3834- Will all this deal-making sideline the region in the WTO?
3835- A similar case can be made about the former Yugoslavia, where lands that existed under Austro-Hungarian rule for 800 years were joined to lands that spent almost as long under Ottoman suzerainty.
3836- Of course, some countries, not least the US, would oppose making such a reversal in Israeli policy a condition of creating an international force and consensus in NATO, the EU, or the UN may not be found or, if it were to emerge, Israel might simply refuse to abide.
3837- Consider what the Greek Cypriot community has achieved - a thriving economy, no one living under conditions of misery and humiliation in camps, membership in the European Union - compared to the catastrophe the Palestinian choice has brought to their own people. Perhaps on the level of public relations, the Palestinian leadership - sacrificing their own people on the altar of propaganda - can bask in their achievement: yet it is their own people who suffer.
3838- Now, all can see these income differences.
3839- Falling prices have paralyzed Japan's economy for a decade. China and Hong Kong have seen prices plummet recently too.
3840- If demand keeps up, production will have to increase to support continuing sales.
3841- Politicians often make bold promises but rarely keep them.
3842- But our current systems carry an even higher price, threatening justice and social stability.
3843- His exposé of the SARS epidemic cover-up forced China's government to confront the disease more openly and aggressively, averting a public health catastrophe.
3844- On the contrary, the initial benefits that peasants gained from the rural reforms of the late 1970's and early 1980's have disappeared; real income among farmers has dropped in recent years as their production costs rise and agricultural prices decline.
3845- Moreover, the first depressive episode occurs in ever-younger children or adolescents, implying that research on primary or secondary prevention should receive higher priority.
3846- With higher risk, there is a chance that, 40 years from now, many individuals will find themselves with less than they need to retire.
3847- Of course, there would be some big gainers from agricultural reform, but they are chiefly consumers and taxpayers in rich countries.
3848- The fact that North Korea's close neighbors seem unable to grasp this seems to confirm that Asian disunity is not just stupid, but chronic and willful.
3849- Most importantly, the world's richest countries need to do much more to help the poorest countries make use of modern science and technology to solve these great problems.
3850- Legitimacy and Elections
3851- The Basic Law embodies this vision, laying the foundations for our development over a 50-year period and providing the freedom and the power for us to position ourselves as Asia's world city -- and to do it on our own.
3852- Data on families in developing countries that receive money from relatives working abroad directly demonstrate that at least one element of globalization--migration--increases economic stability in poor countries.
3853- Finally, the Treaty will make Europe more effective.
3854- Understanding this history is vital, because Europe's Union once again stands at a threshold: should it keep its promise to start membership talks with Turkey?
3855- That language is, of course, a little vague, but it means that religious communities have characteristics that distinguish them from other associations and institutions‑‑and that Europe is prepared to respect these distinctions.
3856- Since the Middle East's autocratic regimes destroyed their liberal oppositions, in many countries radical Islamists represent the only dissent, feeding on widespread resentment of corrupt regimes, opposition to American policies, and popular fears of modernization and globalization.
3857- The most reliable path to stable democracy is robust and equitable economic progress over an ample period of time.
3858- Today's focus is properly on terrorism associated with Islamic extremists.
3859- Most significantly, the Bush administration gave Iraq $2.3 billion to restore its oil production.
3860- Moreover, it is likely that, within a few months, UN soldiers would once again find themselves between the firing lines of the conflicting parties.
3861- The people of Zimbabwe want constitutional change, legal change, legitimate change, and they are going to obtain it in spite of all the obstacles.
3862- Widening inequality has been recorded in the United States (starting with Ronald Reagan's administration), the United Kingdom (starting with Margaret Thatcher), Russia during its privatization, and more recently in China and India.
3863- Indeed, there is a legitimate question whether the behavior of today's capitalists promotes the general acceptance of capitalism.
3864- For Europe and its troops, the stakes in Lebanon are very high.
3865- The US currently is witnessing several corruption scandals.
3866- The consensus was that they hoped somebody would do it without their knowing about it.
3867- They bar threats against, and harassment of, individuals.
3868- Capitalism seemed to be dying.
3869- But this is hardly the case.
3870- He also sought to shift the sense of crisis away from economics to politics (where he retained an iron grip) by removing his designated heir, Anwar Ibrahim, who was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance.
3871- Crises were no longer moderate.
3872- But one little noticed, yet likely, aspirant has been sneaking up on the world economy: the growing tendency to limit the free circulation of people, to "fence in" the rich world.
3873- The group of interdisciplinary scientists that met in Paris is loosely affiliated under the banner "Foundations of Information Science."
3874- The months since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington have been characterized by intense transatlantic debate.
3875- It will be the task of Ayatollah Khamenei to rein in conservative ideologues and make sure that pragmatic conservatism prevails.
3876- The world's lone superpower, the US, has demonstrated its disdain for supranational institutions and worked assiduously to undermine them.
3877- Life insurance companies, drug firms, businesses providing services for the elderly, and investors in retirement real estate would all benefit from increased longevity, while defined-benefit pension plans and annuity providers would lose.
3878- Turkish diplomacy has thus become a well-calibrated balancing act, moving closer to European positions in the Middle East, but eager to maintain close relations with the US. If this approach succeeds, Europe's bridge to Asia may also become its bridge to America.
3879- Europe's Next Steps
3880- Some local museums display fascinating objects.
3881- There were some successes last year, the most important being that our foreign debt, which restricts our economic sovereignty, is close to being paid off.
3882- To put it bluntly, Russia is no longer in the same category as China.
3883- As someone who knew Lebanon in its darkest hours—when Lebanon was a by-word for chaos, violence, and political hopelessness—and who saw its rapid reconstitution as a functioning participatory political system and its astonishing return to normalcy, I know that Iraq can be politically rebuilt.
3884- At the beginning of December, Hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two women working in his lab, and that other "donors" had been paid for their eggs -- a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science.
3885- True, unemployment will be higher, the budget deficit larger and the dollar lower, but every situation has its bottom, even a tough one.
3886- Designed to secure the legitimacy of the Saudi monarchy at home, it is indoctrinating young Western Muslims with values antithetical to open and free societies.
3887- Germany urgently needs this kind of optimism, because, unfortunately, two universal principles will continue to apply in the future: first, the winter will return, and, second, the ball is round and the next game is always the most difficult.
3888- This is a matter of constant debate.
3889- So policymakers must prevent deflationary expectations from ever taking root by targeting a sufficiently high inflation rate at all times.
3890- It is not surprising that in a world of low inflation central banks as well as academics have lost interest in "money".
3891- India needs to know if Musharraf is sincere.
3892- If the Danes did not want the Maastricht Treaty, their choice would be fully respected. But they would not be permitted to impose their will upon their partners.
3893- Adopting a constitution means consolidating the end of the bitter divisions of the past, and a chance to build a Union that works for our 450 million people.
3894- So, the dollar will continue to weaken until the rate of increase in new money into the US economy no longer exceeds that of domestic economic growth and corresponds to the pace of monetary expansion followed by central banks in the rest of the world.
3895- Germany's Pathological Export Boom
3896- Indicators and correlations are easier to demonstrate.
3897- Opening up the economy will make the recession worse, which will crimp Mr. Koizumi's popularity even more.
3898- Even before he became premier, Mr. Zhu, as the president of China's central bank, was known as the architect of China's 8% annual economic growth in the 1990s and the mastermind of its successful fight against inflation.
3899- But perhaps the greatest problem is the progressive isolation of Islamic scholarship -- and much of Islamic life -- from the rest of the modern world.
3900- Yes, the US is not yet a party to the agreement - even though America is the world's biggest single contributor to greenhouse gas emissions.
3901- Some governments have demonstrated a better capacity than others for using funds well.
3902- A key instrument is the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, TB and Malaria.
3903- Their responsible behavior demonstrates the growing importance of Indonesia's civil society.
3904- It is not easy to describe the enormous level of responsibility I feel.
3905- To make matters even more complicated, East European countries will join the EU at a time when it has initiated a major internal reform embodied by a new European Constitution.
3906- The criteria for that loyalty will be fairly simple - participating in the security framework headed by Russia and eliminating the "excessive" influence of third parties (the US, EU, China, or Turkey) within CIS nations.
3907- The writer Henryk Broder recently issued a withering indictment: "Europe, your family name is Appeasement." That phrase resonates because it is so terribly true.
3908- Their leadership made it possible for Europe to make great strides towards its post-war ideals - peace, stability, and prosperity.
3909- The EU does not have a common foreign policy and it will not have one in the foreseeable future, but this is no reason to continue to provide a preference to France and Britain.
3910- Of the three "represents," the clearest meaning is to be found in the CCP's vow to "always represent the demands of advanced productive forces."
3911- Instead, change must be comprehensive and include an overhaul of the myriad pathways to early retirement.
3912- The cost is not merely in terms of natural resources, which should be sustained and passed on to future generations, not exhausted by our own.
3913- The world is a complex and intricate place.
3914- The Nuremberg trials exposed the guilt of the Nazi leaders beyond doubt, if indeed any such doubt was left in people's minds.
3915- The 2005 review, by contrast, will represent several years of thinking by the Bush administration, and thus will serve as a key indicator of the future course of American defense policy.
3916- Hu's Chance
3917- Indian children inhale large doses of sulphur and potassium chlorate to fashion flammable powder into matches.
3918- Of course, we must limit the scope of competition: there is no reason, for example, to extend it to taxation.
3919- For Hong Kong, the defining symbol of the Communist government is the killing of students with abandon on June 4, 1989.
3920- They never seemed so much on people's minds.
3921- This uncertainty has been at the root of demands for the state to intervene and protect the individual against the market's mercilessness.
3922- Much the same is true within countries.
3923- But these were small matters that were vastly distorted by critics with their own agendas for the bank.
3924- These funds will then be dispersed as official aid.
3925- Moreover, with the number of elderly growing as a result of rising life expectancy, this low birth rate has pushed the share of those aged 65 and above from 4.9% of the total population to 7.7%.
3926- Another two billion people will be added to global population over the next 25 years - the vast majority in poorer nations - with huge demands for energy and economic growth.
3927- If Saddam were granted sanctuary in a country such as Belarus or Libya, he would probably remain safe from prosecution, but only as long as he never leaves.
3928- Yet poor countries -- or donors acting on behalf of the poor -- cannot pay the same prices paid by rich countries.
3929- Similarly, life expectancy at birth in SSA countries lagged 16 years behind the developing-country average, 14 years behind countries in South Asia, and 21 years behind countries in East Asia, Latin America, and the Caribbean.
3930- Notable examples include Mobutu in Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of Congo), Siaka Stevens in Sierra Leone, Samuel Doe in Liberia, Siad Barre in Somalia, and Haile Selassie and Mengistu Haile Mariam in Ethiopia.
3931- The response was gratifying, with the European Union fully backing the effort to rebuild that shattered nation.
3932- But the presidency of the World Bank is a rare presidential plum -- an appointment that is not subject even to Congressional hearings.
3933- Pakistan's misadventures in Kashmir, and the military coup that removed its elected government, alienated American opinion even more.
3934- But to think that we are moving from Yeltsin's "democracy" to Putin's "autocracy" is simply silly.
3935- They need to convey to the US President and the US public that America can indeed be proud of what it has achieved and that a war against Iraq would, moreover, throw away the immense advantage of having demonstrated that international inspections can effectively reduce the dangers of proliferation.
3936- Alain Jousten examines one alluring but false reform that is often discussed.
3937- While Dr. Krueger seems sympathetic to critics of the massive IMF bailouts of the Fischer era, knowing what you are against is insufficient.
3938- Perhaps those in the West should listen more to their new partners.
3939- This is often explicit; historically, debates about abortion, for example, are often framed in terms of the question: When does the soul enter the body?
3940- The initial disappointment about electronic productivity was thus a vivid demonstration of the limits of classical individualism.
3941- Global Malaise in 2006?
3942- Unchecked, these diseases not only sap the strength of national economies, but jeopardize peace and security.
3943- Why the startling difference?
3944- A return match is always possible.
3945- In its substantive provisions, the European Constitution reflects the homogeneity of the European constitutional tradition. It is fully committed to the notions of freedom of religion and freedom from religion, as it should be.
3946- One modification allows perceived distance to be evoked simultaneously by different behavioral responses.
3947- Throughout the rich world, poverty has come roaring back.
3948- But Estonians, Latvians, and Lithuanians are not the only Europeans who should feel this way.
3949- Neither Wolfowitz nor Fiorina have any training or experience in economic development or financial markets.
3950- An equally significant segment is appalled.
3951- To its credit, the Brazilian government has revoked policies that had previously encouraged land clearing in the Amazon, and has mandated that 80% of privately owned forestland be used only for sustainable management of forest resources.
3952- Blair, still stung by his Labour Party's defeat in local elections in early May, also welcomed the good news from Iraq.
3953- It is scandalous that drug lords enjoy more freedom to operate than aid agencies, while basic access to food, education, and health care suffers many restrictions, with up to 70% of Burma's children are chronically malnourished in some border areas.
3954- Merely lowering interest rates did not, and will not, lead firms to invest more in these sectors.
3955- But structured deposits -- for example, deposits whose rate of return is linked to the performance of the New York Stock Exchange -- are becoming increasingly popular.
3956- This retards the country's political stabilization and democratic consolidation.
3957- In the past six months, the current round of the US dollar cycle entered stage three.
3958- In the process, old firms go bankrupt, workers are laid off.
3959- It will take more than what we have seen so far to return the US current account deficit to reasonable proportions.
3960- The most plausible theory is based on self-fulfilling expectations.
3961- To deal with new emerging political threats, such as the information revolution, the Chinese government has spent mightily on manpower and technology.
3962- Even if dangerous situations arise, the Self-Defense Forces, and Japan itself, must not flinch.
3963- In December's parliamentary election in Serbia, the extreme nationalist Radical Party achieved the greatest success, and people being tried before the International War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague, such as Vojislav Seslj, the Radicals' founder and long-time leader, and Slobodan Milosevic, were elected to parliament.
3964- Compensating the developing countries for providing these environmental services would be one way of substantially increasing aid -- and at the same time, providing these countries with the right market incentives.
3965- Now is the time to get our priorities right.
3966- The old and sick would be killed by euthanasia; the rest sterilised and vaccinated.
3967- Women have entered the labor force in these societies in much greater number, delivering economic gains and improvements in their social status.
3968- Ukrainians recoil, in anger and horror, at the very idea of dividing the nation.
3969- On the contrary, the World Bank is a global public institution.
3970- Or analysts at investment banks that earn large fees from stock offerings may -- as we have seen not so long ago -- tout stocks even when they are dubious about them.
3971- Globalization speeds this process up--a consequence of the shift from an industrial to a knowledge society.
3972- The balance of terror of the Soviet era has given way to unilateral energy dependency in favor of Russia.
3973- Many NATO countries with troops in Afghanistan have "national caveats" that restrict how their troops may be used.
3974- In their eagerness to embrace development policies that are proven failures, all of the candidates in the presidential election scheduled for December 18 appear unaware of this risk.
3975- But in Britain, the figures are dramatically different: only 19% trust the EU, while 55% distrust it.
3976- Ironically instead of weakening Lebanon, one clear winner of this war is the unity and independent will of Lebanon.
3977- To be sure, the extent of collective liability for torture and other indecencies invites debate.
3978- While countries can be compensated for planting forests, they cannot be compensated for avoiding deforestation.
3979- On the contrary, state and local taxes actually increased over the past year.
3980- If fiscal rules are unnecessary, then a fiscal convergence criterion is also unnecessary.
3981- This way, minorities become easily manipulated majorities.
3982- If we do not wish to be submerged in violence and authoritarian responses to it, international institutions must do for the modernizing world what the EU has managed to do for the postcommunist countries.
3983- Many "counter-revolutionary" families were forced out of their homes to live in buffalo sheds so that their meager assets could be requisitioned.
3984- They stand idly by, abandoning you to death.
3985- Instead, the European Union needs a new direction.
3986- This is a strikingly bad idea. Creating a two-headed executive of this sort would guarantee continuous clashes between the two power centers.
3987- Without Judge Garzón's insistence on pursuing the matter, prosecuting Pinochet would have been nearly impossible, owing to powerful opposition from wealthy and media-savvy Chileans.
3988- Lebanon is at a historic crossroad.
3989- Democracy is by definition a peaceful method of settling conflicts.
3990- "In Europe we need to have more flexible labor markets and more structural reforms."
3991- A democracy born in an open economic environment, with a well functioning market system, widespread foreign direct investment, and sizeable international trade, is likely to consolidate economic liberalism, stabilize expectations, and hence lead to more investment and faster growth.
3992- Over the past 15 years, as many central banks became legally independent from government influence, the results in terms of lower price inflation have become undeniable.
3993- Impoverished communities in Africa, the Middle East, and Asia are ripe for a "green revolution," based on modern scientific techniques for managing soils, water, and seed varieties.
3994- That message was confirmed on July 4, 2003, when American forces arrested several Turkish Special Forces troops in the town of Sulaimaniya, humiliating them by putting sacks over their head as they took them into custody.
3995- Taiwan and China, At It Again
3996- Of course, the Neo-Confucian system was not immune to mankind's appetites.
3997- We could then demand that the recipients of support eliminate child labor over time.
3998- At the war's end, they thought of a new way of using their reserves: spend them.
3999- Yet the need for something drastically different and higher than the framed daily routine of an engineer and a citizen of the socialist paradise did not diminish.
4000- If, down the road, there is no international military presence in the region, the US may choose to make its military presence permanent.
4001- Afghanistan, Iraq, Palestine, and now Iran: all seem to be under attack as part of the "global war on terror."
4002- The thirst for an extra billion dollars in revenues in the budget in one year -- even though revenues in future years would be lowered -- sealed the deal.
4003- Finer particles became airborne and caused environmental and health problems across northeastern Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and southwestern Iraq.
4004- So a European Islam is needed urgently.
4005- Failure to address the issues and leaders involved risks the creation of an arc of even greater instability running from Jerusalem through Beirut, Damascus, Baghdad and Tehran.
4006- It would be difficult for the US to change the highest priority of its own national security strategy--preempting terrorism and fighting the spread of weapons of mass destruction--especially with another nuclear threat looming in Iran.
4007- A similar sentiment formed one of the motives for the French and perhaps even the Dutch to reject the European Union's Constitutional Treaty, which some regarded as too "Anglo-Saxon" in its economic liberalism.
4008- There are no easy answers.
4009- As a former KGB official later testified, "Exchanges were a Trojan horse for the Soviet Union.
4010- With no apparent successor, his departure from the scene will bring a massive and unpredictable shake-up in Palestinian politics.
4011- · Second, Brazil is finally embracing the global knowledge economy.
4012- The goal behind the bombing of Yugoslavia, of Security Council resolution 1244 and today's provisional constitutional framework for Kosovo, was the creation of the pre-conditions for the democratic development of a multiethnic society.
4013- If the EU is serious about creating one market, plenty of work remains to be done.
4014- Is Central Bank Independence All It's Cracked up to Be?
4015- Both studies showed that there are hundreds of regions of the genome that could have more or less than the expected two copies.
4016- This "privatization of war" dramatically changes world politics.
4017- After a slow start, rapid progress has been achieved, with 36 measures formally adopted, including important directives on market abuse, prospectuses, financial collateral, distance marketing, collective investment schemes, and a common set of International Accounting Standards for the consolidated accounts of all listed companies.
4018- Portugal, Germany, and France proudly declare their intention to deviate from the Maastricht criteria.
4019- If the immediate past is a guide, one has reason for optimism in Iraq.
4020- China must create some 12-15 million new jobs annually just to keep up with population growth;
4021- Work can give structure and meaning to life.
4022- The international community, lead by the United States, must invest effort and political capital to realize this goal.
4023- There is great nostalgia for the last liberal experiment (from the 1920's until the 1952 Revolution), which was a model for other Arab countries.
4024- The Questions of Europe
4025- It demonstrated its lapdog status by never broadcasting images of prisoners being abused inside Baghdad's notorious Abu Ghraib prison.
4026- The vast majority of Latin America countries do not fulfill any of these requirements.
4027- Consider diamond mining, Namibia's biggest industry and export.
4028- Such agreements, which often dismantle not only tariffs but other regulatory barriers, may appear unassailable.
4029- Angry Muslim and Christian mobs burned churches and mosques, killing dozens of people in a series of attacks and reprisals that have deepened the sectional divide between the Muslim north and the Christian south.
4030- A look at Pakistan's economic landscape says it all.
4031- Standardization of laws could be intended as a signal to international investors.
4032- No longer would our ancestors have to content themselves with the food that nature offered - they could start to grow their own, far surpassing nature's meager supply.
4033- On the contrary, responsible statesmen and party leaders have come out openly against Turkish membership.
4034- Moreover, the political rhetoric of "evil" and "war" that mobilizes Americans seems alien to those who prefer a managerial approach.
4035- Under Euro rules, governments must observe strict limits on their budget deficits and public debt.
4036- Many of us, despite our great respect for the US, react against phrases like "Axis of Evil" not because the countries listed do not present serious challenges, but because of the difficulties that follow from mixing foreign policy and morality.
4037- Although Jordan is at a turning point in its relations with Iraq, there remains little public support for American policy.
4038- The EU's member governments name the members of the European Commission, and the Parliament lacks an explicit right to veto them.
4039- While the World Food Programme feeds North Korea's six million children, 17 million adults must fend for themselves. (A "military first" programme ensures diverts most supplies to North Korea's huge standing army and bureaucracy.)
4040- The End of Secularism?
4041- But Deng wanted higher standards of living for every Chinese, even if inequality resulted.
4042- In practical terms, the West must increase its direct support for local NGOs and campaigners (although in countries like Egypt it will first need to get the Government to change the law so that they can receive foreign funding).
4043- Many even believe that their contributions accrue to an individual, capitalized, account, rather than financing the benefits paid to current pensioners.
4044- He strengthened the power of the federal government, while defeating big business, free media, the communist party, the liberal parties and civil society.
4045- Good US-Russian relations, however, could strengthen both countries, and especially Russia.
4046- The EU's Small Leaders
4047- Guatemala's press has taken a hostile position against the former general.
4048- Europe Needs Its Own Security Council
4049- Yet this has not led to any official questioning of tactics.
4050- Nor do European governments display any such urge.
4051- Despite the surface diversity of programming, the monolithic control of political discourse has changed little since the 1950's.
4052- Combined with the long-completed security fence around the Gaza Strip and one being built near Israel's border with the West Bank, pulling out of the most exposed positions is intended to reduce casualties and the number of clashes with the Palestinians.
4053- Yet Al Hurra is forbidden from broadcasting within the US, because it is state controlled.
4054- Despite protests from the US and Europe, Mugabe has so far had his way despite his thuggery.
4055- He, like William Hague and George W Bush, is promising to slash taxes.
4056- To critics of this, I offer one more sign.
4057- Let's not allow ourselves to be manipulated into believing that attempts to change the "established" order and "objective" laws do not make sense.
4058- They do on a small scale what the Wider European Initiative ought to do on a large scale: promote democratic development by supporting civil society while working with governments when possible.
4059- The same is true of prices.
4060- Based on changes in the economy, I and the staff that worked with me on President Bill Clinton's Council of Economic Advisers argued that the NAIRU was considerably lower.
4061- Failure will be a constant danger and the military risk will be high.
4062- Few moments in history hold the promise of the EU summit of December 2004.
4063- Help for poor countries in Africa and elsewhere to adapt to climate change should not be described as charity or aid, but rather as compensation for damages being imposed on the poorest people on the planet.
4064- Rather than promoting stable economies with faster growth and lower interest rates, the IMF's simplistic prescriptions for capital and financial market liberalization often resulted in the opposite: collapsing financial sectors, prohibitively high borrowing costs, widespread social dislocation, and political upheaval.
4065- In fact, most oligarchs have started charities and foundations.
4066- · Lower trade barriers will make locating production in the poor low-wage parts of the world irresistible to those who have access to finance.
4067- Why and what will it take to overcome it?
4068- Germany is too big to abstain from leadership in Europe.
4069- Would a peacekeeping force truly serve the interests of the agreement, rather than one side or the other?
4070- Thus, war would be unlikely.
4071- Indeed, leaders in all the supposed "rogue states" know that their societies would cease to exist if they attacked America with nuclear or biological weapons.
4072- Dozens of Arab intellectuals engaged in this kind of business with Saddam.
4073- Now a new government must be formed and a new constitution written.
4074- To maintain political stability, both the Chinese and Hong Kong governments willingly shelved the issue during Tung's first term.
4075- To be sure, the Allies did not enter that war to bring democracy to Germany. In any case, Germany started the war.
4076- In the absence of US leadership in matters of international trade, the majority of Latin American countries will not open their economies further to foreign competition, and some may even return to increased protectionism.
4077- Thus, goes the argument, the second law of thermodynamics is not contrary to the existence of life; rather, it is the cause of life.
4078- Both choices are fraught with danger: open up, and they include people in Saudi public life hitherto considered unworthy for being either heretics (the Shia) or of impure blood (the Hejazis) or too primitive (the border tribes).
4079- Britain does not need a seat at the table when decisions on the Euro are taken.
4080- It probably would have been easier for Russia's government to recapture some of the oligarchs' ill-gotten gains earlier, say, after the ruble crisis of 1998, when many of them fell into arrears on their loans.
4081- Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were predicated, at least in part, on spreading freedom; similarly, the Middle East Partnership Initiative is supposed to make democracy the centerpiece of American assistance in the region.
4082- That will happen only if Lula completes a successful transformation from anti-market trade union leader into a statesman judiciously blending economic and social reform.
4083- Japan's emergence as East Asia's leading power in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries involved three brutal wars in China, in which the Japanese army committed dreadful atrocities.
4084- But among the vast number of flu and other cases, finding these cases will be difficult.
4085- But in many ways it is Iraq that was anomalous.
4086- The means of this denial were the annihilation of offending populations -- the Jews foremost among them -- in a merciless attempt at social purification.
4087- As a trade economist I know that this is only half-right.
4088- Such potential candidates include former Mexican president Ernesto Zedillo, a Yale Ph.D. who now teaches there and has been strongly supported in an editorial in the Financial Times; Arminio Fraga, a Princeton Ph.D. and former head of Brazil's central bank; and Kemal Dervis, a former World Bank vice-president who has taught at Princeton and successfully managed one of Turkey's crises as finance minister.
4089- Moreover, French Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy hasn't done much except hand out some special grants to the smartest immigrants from the suburbs.
4090- Of course, this new Europe faces many problems.
4091- There is still time to avert these frightening effects.
4092- In the 1970's, the Helsinki Accord helped bring down the Soviet Empire.
4093- If so, it's a strange game with perverse effects.
4094- Third-world debt burdens are little more than a scorecard for past development failures.
4095- It is the desire to reject this state of affairs that, above all else, explains the "No" many French people want to shout.
4096- To achieve these goals, donor countries need only extend their existing commitments into the future; new funds are not needed.
4097- In Ukraine, ordinary citizens demonstrated the depth of their commitment to free and fair elections.
4098- On this condition, Brown agreed to give Blair a clear run.
4099- Beyond that, many believe the only hard work will be to use existing laws to benefit humankind in new technological ways.
4100- Militarily, Japan revised its law on the Self-Defense Forces to establish procedures for ballistic missile defense, with a strong focus on North Korea.
4101- John Maynard Keynes once said that monetary policy may work like a string.
4102- Even though they were already resigned to a 25-basis-point rate increase, the politicians made a big show of being opposed to it, aiming to prevent what they really feared and what was certainly more warranted: a 50-basis-point hike and a warning of more on the way.
4103- Most governments are hoping that early detection will make containment possible.
4104- Though the Justice and Development Party has held power only briefly, it has already given clear indications of its choice.
4105- The argument for America's putative invasion of Iraq is, of course, self-defense, that is, the need to shield itself and its allies against Saddam Hussein's possible use of weapons of mass destruction.
4106- One recent study estimates that 55-70% of all dollars in circulation around the world are held by foreigners, mostly in Latin America and Russia.
4107- Above all, a system needs to be established to monitor officials' performance in environmental as well as in economic terms.
4108- It also appointed Kalmay Khalilzad, another former Unocal consultant --indeed, Karzai's boss--as special US envoy.
4109- Judges are experts in complexity which cannot be said of parliamentarians nor even of the executive.
4110- One component is the jihadists, some of them foreign and some local, with direct ties to al Qaeda or, at least, sympathy with its worldview.
4111- In return, Palestinians would need to pledge to reject the use of violence and terror once and for all.
4112- So, it seems that democracy should not only provide personal satisfaction for politicians but for the people, too.
4113- The stranger consciously or unconsciously is always a potential or partial exile and all real writers are perpetual exiles from this world, even when, like Proust, they hardly leave their rooms.
4114- National parliaments are expected to surrender their powers graciously.
4115- So people start to march in the streets in Bolivia.
4116- Proportional representation, widely adopted in Europe in the first decades of the 20th century, was never embraced by the US because it is a system that would allow black representatives to be elected regularly.
4117- It is time for the rich countries to respect the wishes of the poor in getting such a trade round off the ground.
4118- But NATO is more than just a defense pact.
4119- Over time, this stimulated ever-greater economic convergence.
4120- But if an influenza virus jumps from, say, ducks to chickens, there may be lethal consequences.
4121- At the same time, the conflict gives them money, power, and glory.
4122- President Putin might easily replace him with someone deemed more reliable or better suited to challenge Maskhadov, should he run.
4123- One reason is that she is the only fresh face among those Socialists vying for the party nomination.
4124- 2
4125- Among the suspended projects was the first dam across the Nu/Salween.
4126- The costs of war must be balanced against the costs of alternative actions.
4127- These are fair questions.
4128- That dynamic is still at work.
4129- But China's restructuring is permanent and will affect every aspect of its national life, as well as its global standing.
4130- French political institutions also bear heavy responsibility.
4131- First, the name of Russia's next president is now known.
4132- The question is whether it will be a Pinochet-style dictatorship bent on economic modernization, or a dictatorship with a revived totalitarian ideology?
4133- The PDP and ANPP are broadly center-right parties, while the NCP styles itself as the "party of the poor" and espouses social democratic policies.
4134- For example, the NASDAQ stock price index made a spectacular 14% jump upwards on the day (January 3, 2001) when America's Fed began its latest series of interest rate cuts.
4135- High oil prices are set to dampen economic performance in the rest of the world as well, although growth prospects look better than in the US.
4136- Discontent with President Kurmanbek Bakiyev's rule is rising.
4137- They want to breathe, but life with a patriarchal tyrant can be suffocating.
4138- Anti-Semitism nowadays is more subtle than spray-painting swastikas and other acts of vandalism.
4139- For the international human rights movement, this is a severe setback.
4140- The announcement by the President of the European Central Bank, Jean-Claude Trichet, that interest rates would be raised at the next meeting of the bank's Governing Council on December 1st, could be a defining moment in his presidency.
4141- According to these calculations, it would cost $84 billion to clean up the pollution produced in 2004, or 3% of GDP for that year.
4142- Moreover, an increase in the demand for broadband connection has triggered the launch of an $800 million "Jin Dun (Golden Shield) Project," an automatic digital system of public policing that will help prolong Communist rule by denying China's people the right to information.
4143- That re-founding should start without delay.
4144- The standard for admission should not be a country's mere existence, but its fulfillment of certain criteria of democratic governance.
4145- I live in a Poland that is now free, and I consider Milton Friedman to be one of the main intellectual architects of our liberty.
4146- It is almost an optical illusion: looming on Japan's horizon, and on Europe's and on America's, is a pensions crisis.
4147- That situation needs to be reversed. We must punish the traffickers and reward the farmers.
4148- These profoundly pluralistic countries are not classic "nation states," but rather what I call democratic "state nations."
4149- No wonder that nowadays most of these countries face civil unrest, rebellion, and risk of implosion.
4150- Whenever we prioritize, we not only say where we should do more (which is good) but also where we should not increase our efforts (which is regarded as cynical).
4151- Beyond economics, China must reassure others that its awakening will not make the world tremble.
4152- It would spare America and the world, in the words of Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz, "the danger that Iraq's weapons of mass terror could fall into the hands of terrorists."
4153- Defeating the lobby of French farmers that strangles reform of the EU common agricultural policy should be the top priority of Europe's pro-poor coalition.
4154- Politicians are inept at handling such problems, so environmental risks continue to grow without adequate changes in public policy.
4155- Some progress has been made on this "Monterrey Consensus."
4156- Even in comparison with the US, China is a capitalist paradise - so long as you steer clear of the central government.
4157- If stability is to be preserved, financial markets need regulators and a lender of last resort.
4158- Indeed, private consumption in China has been growing in real terms at an annual rate of around 10% for the last seven years.
4159- By accepting European demands for democratic reform as a pre-condition for EU membership, Erdogan played a liberalizing role, reinforcing his claim that his party represents a genuinely democratic option for a Muslim-majority country B indeed, that it is an Islamic version of the Christian Democratic parties that have long dominated Europe's political right.
4160- For more than a century after that, China was in turmoil.
4161- If all goes well, a Koizumi visit to China may be in the offing. Koizumi has long sought an official visit, only to be stymied by Chinese opposition to his Yasukuni visits.
4162- Bilateral trade turnover reached $50 billion in 2003, and Taiwanese took almost four million trips to the mainland.
4163- This does not include buyers who purchased homes as investment properties, mostly to rent out.
4164- Yes, the UN has achieved much under Secretary General Annan's leadership.
4165- The Union has no business interfering in matters that can be dealt with successfully at the local, regional, or national level.
4166- Government intervention distorts the prices, leading to inefficient allocation of resources in areas such as healthcare, education, and agriculture.
4167- In late October, the EU's Constitutional Treaty will be signed.
4168- Given a globalized movement of fury, this is not simple.
4169- We see the menace of this tendency constantly nowadays, but we perceive it in such a seemingly unthreatening way that we may well become accustomed to it rather than arresting it.
4170- Between 2000 and 2004, the National Liberation Army (ELN) was seriously weakened, and the FARC retreated to a smaller area, notably reducing its combat potential.
4171- Direct incitement to violence is regarded -- as it should be ­ -- as an unacceptable abuse of free speech; but much that is disagreeable about the David Irving's and the hate preachers does not fall into this category.
4172- But the Supreme Court's rulings affirm the fundamental principle that even grave dangers do not warrant the sort of blanket deference to which the Bush Administration believes it is entitled whenever it utters the words "war" and "terrorism."
4173- Both wage and livelihood insurance appear to have important risk management functions.
4174- Those who contributed to maintaining Apartheid--and especially those who did not adhere to the sanctions after the UN approved them--should be held accountable.
4175- Indeed, Nigeria's per capita income (as measured in constant dollars circa 1995) has fallen.
4176- Improved competitiveness facilitated by the euro bodes well for Germany's medium term economic prospects.
4177- Winning the Peace
4178- Only democracy in China can bring lasting peace to the Taiwan Straits.
4179- But, while we see inequality and exclusion in club-level football, the opposite is true for competitions between national teams.
4180- Many are already upon us.
4181- Drawing on critical scholarship in history and theology, they have detailed the ways in which Muslims have changed - and continue to change - their traditions, in different times and places.
4182- But it has not done that.
4183- Barring that, in an age when religions must persuade , they must still "proselytize" within the community -- pointing out the truth, the values, and the beauty of the tradition -- even if they refrain from doing so outside it.
4184- But will his departure from public life really be as destabilizing as many observers suggest?
4185- The moment of truth has come.
4186- If investors remembered this, they would not bid up the dollar's value so sharply in the first place.
4187- "The use of an atomic bomb against Israel would destroy Israel completely, while [the same] against the world of Islam only would cause damages."
4188- It requires plausible leadership and the reasonable hope that things will get better before long.
4189- I am not saying that the US is more depraved than other countries. What I am saying is that human society, even in the twenty-first century, is capable of sliding into barbaric thinking and action, no matter the level of "development."
4190- Last but not least, Sešelj was in coalition with Miloševic when the Democratic Opposition of Serbia, a loose coalition of 18 opposition parties led by Koštunica but internally dominated by Djindjic, defeated Miloševic.
4191- Because they are well aware of the "curse of oil" - corruption, conflict, ecological disaster, and anaesthetized entrepreneurial spirit.
4192- Thus, environmental pressures are now hitting the bottom line -- affecting incomes and livelihoods around the world.
4193- More perniciously, many supporters of this view, when confronted with the reality of unemployment, argue that it arises only because of government-imposed rigidities and trade unions.
4194- If you throw your blanket too wide, you cannot complain about nasty bedfellows.
4195- But these questions miss a fundamental truth about Turkey.
4196- Without elections, the Coalition is in trouble.
4197- It deserves a vote of confidence from investors and political leaders alike.
4198- The problem is that prevention and treatment of these conditions costs money -- not a lot, but much more than is available to the world's impoverished.
4199- Currency exchange rates have a tendency to return to long-run average values following large deviations.
4200- The Constitutional Treaty is a reflection of our wish to continue in the same vein, to carry on working together.
4201- The good news for Ban Ki-moon is that he has become Secretary General of the United Nations at a time when the prospects for conflict between or among the world's great powers -- the United States, China, Japan, Russia, Europe, and India -- are remote.
4202- On the Israeli side, your faith in the political process was demonstrated recently when you and Sharon decided unilaterally to go against your own ideology and take on the powerful settler movement.
4203- At times, the US has effectively -- if unintentionally -- undercut Iran's position.
4204- The main problem left by Arafat is the lack of any leadership at all.
4205- Now it's "pay back" time, when the world lectures America about how to fix its no-longer-perfect economy.
4206- We can't depend on our political leaders to do what is needed, because many of them are captives or promoters of extremist views.
4207- After our report is issued in January, Secretary-General Kofi Annan will issue a report to the world in the spring, identifying the practical steps that should be taken this year.
4208- Back then, many predicted that Lagos wouldn't last the thousand or so days that Allende ruled before Pinochet launched his coup.
4209- After all, political honesty - and honest politicians - is more likely to take root in a society marked by a culture of tolerance, solidarity, and the equal enjoyment of individual rights.
4210- What should these be?
4211- But punishing someone criminally for being an anti-Semite and a racist propagandist raises troublesome issues that different countries approach in different ways.
4212- This may explain why Lebanese college graduates of all faiths often include the name and profession of their parents in their resumes, or why one of the first Arabic words that a foreigner learns after settling in Lebanon is wasta (connections).
4213- Such distorted priorities reflect a simple reality: democracy in Latin America seems incapable of dismantling old networks of clienteles and their traditional power-sharing arrangements.
4214- In his The Age of Extremes, Eric Hobsbawm argued that the greatest change in the West in the 20
4215- The powerlessness of the victim of state-organized street fights and threats against his family is experienced in the same way as the powerlessness of somebody harassed during a state security investigation.
4216- America's foreign alliances have become an issue in this year's presidential election campaign.
4217- Those in Europe and around the world who yearn for a victory by John Kerry in the US presidential election ought to keep that bit of ancient Greek wisdom in mind.
4218- While it relies on profligate subsidies and cash handouts, Thaksinomics also banks on structural reforms to propel economic growth.
4219- But does this argument really have any more basis in reality than the administration's previous claims of an "imminent" threat from weapons of mass destruction or Saddam Hussein's alleged support for al‑Qaeda?
4220- This much we know: terrorism is fueled by anger and frustration.
4221- The Nordic experience also belies conservatives' claim that a large social welfare state weakens incentives to work and save.
4222- Such a declaration alone would give Taiwanese the ability to imagine that they may one day find it in their interest to be part of China.
4223- This reflects a widely-held view of sovereignty, one that allows governments to do essentially what they want within their own borders.
4224- The trade improvements have been delivered, but little has been accomplished on Arab domestic reform.
4225- More troubling is the fact that anyone with legal problems due to ties to either Fujimori or Toledo can find a newspaper, television, or radio outlet from which to make accusations.
4226- The oil crises marked a political as well as an economic turning point.
4227- On April 9th, foreign ministers from the EU, Russia, and other countries from the Baltic Sea Region will meet in Luxembourg to review implementation of the so-called Northern Dimension Action Plan and provide political guidance for developing this initiative.
4228- In any case, one does not have to be found out as a liar to lose such trust. It is sufficient that clouds of doubt develop.
4229- Mombasa's anguish, economic as well as in terms of security, may have only just begun.
4230- Common sense suggests that the "majority of the people," whom the CCP is supposed to "represent," should include workers.
4231- We now know that some of those explanations were deliberately fraudulent.
4232- The US uses only half as much oil per dollar of production as it did before the price spikes of the 1970's.
4233- In recent decades, doctors have become much more comfortable giving physical treatments to remedy psychological and social problems.
4234- The fundamental difficulty in planning for enhanced longevity is that we do not know whether it will really happen.
4235- American officials do not seem to recognize how difficult, costly, and prolonged the task of creating a peaceful order and a viable democracy in Iraq will be.
4236- There are many examples of such action, such as the Montreal Protocol to help reduce the threat to the ozone layer.
4237- The market did not respond to the need for evacuation by sending in huge convoys of buses to get people out; in some places, it did respond by tripling hotel prices in neighboring areas, which, while reflecting the marked change in supply and demand, is reviled as price gouging.
4238- The first law in strategy is to be clear about who your enemy is, to focus on him and not be deflected.
4239- A few years ago, under Saddam Hussein, an Iraqi could have his tongue cut out if he was found in possession of a satellite dish or used the Internet without government approval.
4240- You turn, looking for the speaker. No one meets your gaze.
4241- All that is necessary is for Ukrainian voters to bring to power people devoted to this task.
4242- And, indeed, they share one thing in common: the fight never ends.
4243- Moreover, there seems no obvious way to speed up the process of convincing the Arabs that Israel is here to stay except by making this war of attrition as costly as possible for them.
4244- The war on terror is an aberration. America must defend itself against terrorist attacks, but that cannot be allowed to become the overarching objective of its existence.
4245- Japan needs to develop well-balanced defense forces with the capacity needed to respond to new threats, such as the rapid build-up of China's navy, especially its submarine forces.
4246- Demographics exacerbate these conditions.
4247- Germany's Zero Hour
4248- But the balcony of the Students' Federation of Universidad de Chile no longer exists, having been replaced by the tall buildings and modern subway stations that have marked the intervening years of Chile's history.
4249- Chile's Supreme Court has now upheld that indictment.
4250- Interestingly, many purveyors of pornography initially thought that better quality video would make their product more desirable.
4251- Maroni's nostalgia for the lira is little more than a transparent-- and irresponsible-- election ploy by Italy's Northern League, an attempt to divert blame for the country's present economic troubles onto Romano Prodi, former EU Commission president and center left candidate in the forthcoming general elections.
4252- A seamless transition appeared possible.
4253- He was seen in the West as a reformer, and reform may not proceed without him. If it does not, urgently needed Western investment won't materialize.
4254- How member states respond now -- especially those who believe in the purpose and value of the UN - may help shape the outcomes of other, wider ongoing regional conflicts, notably with Iran and Syria, both of which support Hezbollah.
4255- The Danish Presidency will consistently put the common interest at the forefront.
4256- Coming to Grips with History
4257- As well as working to further peace between Israel and Palestine, we must help Turkey succeed in turning itself into a full-fledged democracy that qualifies for EU membership, renew pressure on the Iranian regime for democracy and arms control, and avoid premature disengagement from Iraq.
4258- Aging populations and lower fertility rates in the new member states might result in even smaller flows.
4259- But the Communists also have themselves to blame for their electoral debacle.
4260- Overwhelmingly, the dead will be those who lack the resources to adapt, to find alternative sources of food, and who do not have access to health care.
4261- Seldom have so many had to give up so much to protect the interests of so few.
4262- This is the world we live in today, where such machines are just about everywhere.
4263- Riots and political protests would have broken out earlier, too.
4264- Though we may take a step back now and then, as we have recently, only by adhering to this higher law can Ukraine achieve freedom and prosperity for all.
4265- They object to vast differences in wealth and think large accumulations of it must be the product of theft, not work and risk.
4266- It also reassures the French business community, which was shocked by Dominique de Villepin's flamboyant opposition to the United States when he was Chirac's foreign minister.
4267- It costs no more to extract oil or gas today than it did when prices were one-third of their current level.
4268- They occur when a bank's clients fear that most of their fellow depositors will withdraw their funds.
4269- The winner of that vote will then serve out the remainder of Chávez's term, which the Supreme Court has extended until February of 2007.
4270- This is three times the amount original projected by the Bush administration.
4271- The convergence criterion on exchange rates is in similar disarray.
4272- The turnaround came during the Clinton administration, although some investments in technology made in earlier years almost surely played a role.
4273- Yet it is reasonably clear that a tipping point has been reached.
4274- In September, the world's leaders will reconvene at the UN to decide on their actions during the coming decade.
4275- The Deutsche Mark's share remained relatively unchanged between 1980 and 1995.
4276- The combined population of the US, Mexico, and Canada is about 410 million people.
4277- There is a lack of appreciation of how deeply entrenched are Iraq's sectarian, tribal, and ethnic loyalties.
4278- But the demolition process that has transformed or razed so many of China's old Stalinist economic institutions has not been matched by a demolition of stultifying political structures.
4279- A trade agreement such as this puts US and Central American workers in the same labor market.
4280- But Europe's criticisms, no matter how sound, will not be taken seriously by the US so long as the Continent continues to free-ride on America's defenses, something it has done for half-a-century.
4281- Until Israel agrees to return to the 1967 borders with minor modifications, and to end its political control over millions of West Bank Arabs, unrest will continue.
4282- That Ukrainians will vote for their freedom this Christmas season is a coincidence of true perfection.
4283- Moltke wanted to invade and defeat Russia before it was "too late" for Germany to triumph.
4284- So the IMF is at a cross roads, it is weak in leadership, weak on economics knowledge at its top, weak in the support it gets from its member countries.
4285- "Anyone whose family members were unjustly killed should voice the same request."
4286- Nevertheless, what benefit does China gain by continuing to raise these issues 60 years later?
4287- Putin calls it "managed pluralism."
4288- Younger Cubans often sound like well-educated teenagers with parents who are too strict. They want to travel, publish what they want, dance when and where they want, and experience the world as Castro experienced it.
4289- Stop the Band-Aid Treatment
4290- Hamas refused to acknowledge a two-state solution except obliquely, and then under considerable pressure.
4291- But what food had been contaminated?
4292- Two thirds of the people in Venezuela, the Latin American country with the largest oil deposits, live in poverty.
4293- Context has been lost.
4294- This is perhaps the main reason why the scientific rejection of dualism may be so hard to swallow: it seems to diminish the moral status of people.
4295- The defeat of the Democrats in the mid-term elections in 1994, followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair, hampered the effectiveness of one of America's most energetic and gifted Presidents.
4296- These initiatives will give the signal to Latin American leaders that, despite appearances to the contrary -- including the latest Summit of the Americas -- the region has not been completely neglected by President Bush and the US.
4297- Yet the proceedings against 85 of them, including appeals, have been completed.
4298- The Soviet Union possessed a great deal of soft power in the years after World War II.
4299- But in Russia, there is no trade-off between the two, at least not using the exchange rate.
4300- Any doubt that promoting democracy now receives greater emphasis in US foreign policy was removed by President Bush's speech of last November, in which he made clear that the Muslim world's democratic deficit is not tied to religion, but to "failures of political and economic doctrines."
4301- His proposal will thus be seen for what it is, a counter-attack on a founding policy of the European project.
4302- Under protest, the poster was withdrawn.
4303- Once again, Mexicans can thank NAFTA for the quick recovery.
4304- The big development success stories are places like Shanghai, port cities with ready access to world markets.
4305- Indeed, in East Timor, Iraq, Afghanistan, Kosovo, and many other countries, the transition to peace seems to be failing.
4306- Those who opt for terror always believe their cause is just.
4307- Outsiders should also remind America that its population is aging and that big savings will be needed to pay for the looming retirement of the baby boomers.
4308- Many people enthralled by nationalistic struggle, end up rejecting all reasonable compromise and advocating genocidal goals.
4309- Pakistan embarked on that military misadventure in a bid to jump-start a flagging, indigenously-based ethnoreligious insurgency that has ravaged the Indian portion of Kashmir since 1989.
4310- The doom-mongers lost.
4311- Allowing countries to pursue their own policies in these areas encourages competitiveness.
4312- Not all democracies were as strict as France in their formal secularism but all were secular: the law is made by the sovereign people and not by some superhuman being or agency.
4313- Policemen accepted bribes to let the terrorists though.
4314- So, too, is something fundamentally wrong with the global financial system.
4315- In the latter case, the infrastructure for support already exists, though it was partially dismantled during the Clinton administration.
4316- For the first time, the army failed to crush the rebellion.
4317- Luxembourg
4318- Democracy cannot be imposed in any reasonable time by force alone.
4319- The answer depends on whether one considers the time women in Europe spend on domestic work.
4320- Is Peru Next?
4321- Can Pakistan demand, with a straight face, rights for another people that it constantly denies to its own?
4322- -2.8
4323- But if Bashir Assad wants Syria to avoid sinking deeper into poverty and irrelevance, he must undertake political, cultural, and economic liberalization.
4324- For lenders, debt could be converted, wherever possible, into equity in MDG projects with earning potential, while building up poor countries' capacity for self-reliance.
4325- The models used in the West, both in political circles and in academia, for the analysis and interpretation of Arab societies are seriously deficient.
4326- But can one really say that football is responsible for the currently bad diplomatic relations between China and Japan?
4327- No country can rule out unilateral action in cases that involve its very survival.
4328- This will not change.
4329- If your chances of a long lifespan are not good, you might buy more life insurance, or even retire early to have enough time to do what you always wanted to do.
4330- The big three state-owned banks have vast branch networks and employ hundreds of thousands of people.
4331- But limiting the significance of the "no" vote to mere political calculation would be a mistake, for it also reflects the importance of the "French malaise" about Europe.
4332- Imagine looking through a powerful microscope and discovering incredibly tiny machines taking apart the stuff around them, molecule by molecule, and reassembling the molecules to make exact replicas of themselves.
4333- Not many people realize it, but because of the patchwork of treaties from which today's European institutions arose, "Europe" is not a unitary entity; indeed, the "European Union" and the "European Community" denote two different things.
4334- Many of Europe's values--respect for human life, the desire to protect the weak and the oppressed, equal treatment of women, the commitment to the rule of law--arose in the course of a long history in which the influence of Christianity was very significant.
4335- We could, for example, tear down San Francisco's row houses and replace them with buildings more like those of New York's Upper West Side.
4336- Under "IMF" theory, investors, seeing government resolve to eliminate deficits, flock to the country, economic performance recovers, and the policy is vindicated.
4337- Anyone who suggested that what is happening today was a likely scenario was criticized as being a pro-Saddam appeaser, anti-American, or both.
4338- We also dreamed about a more just international order.
4339- This conclusion is based on comparing Muslim countries' "electoral competitiveness."
4340- The expansion of the moral circle could be about to take a significant step forwards.
4341- Schröder did not seem to grasp the enormous symbolic relevance his partner attached to the issue.
4342- Storing warheads that are filled with chemicals would be dangerous and wasteful. Because the chemicals are likely to corrode the warhead over time, extended storage has a high probability of leakage and degradation of the weapon.
4343- But as the "revolution of rising entitlements" took hold in the 1960's and 1970's, trade unions have adopted the position that labor is entitled not only to a job, but to a job in the region and firm of its choice.
4344- Obviously, I am rooting for the Mexican candidate, Foreign Minister Luis Ernesto Derbez.
4345- Since 1989, the insurgency in Kashmir has taken more than 50,000 lives.
4346- Since they are being identified in normal individuals, CNVs may not necessarily be a direct cause of human disease, but many may confer susceptibility to certain diseases, serve as disease markers, and/or indicate potential regions of genomic instability.
4347- The most undeniable implication of the French vote has been to raise a large question mark over the future of the EU's traditional integration project.
4348- Advocates of this position go on to deploy the so-called "precautionary principle" to counter the argument that there is no scientific evidence that DDT spraying damages natural capital.
4349- Government institutions are market friendly and the population is well educated, disciplined, and flexible in its learning.
4350- Beauty does not derive its meaning from its value for our biological survival or its use for other people, who must also die.
4351- They only demand that the proposed laws be less arbitrary and that their scope be minimized.
4352- So perhaps John Donne was partly right: if Putin is an island, he is one in a sea of millions of islands.
4353- The top 2% of Nigerians earn the same as the bottom 55%.
4354- Instead, we occupy our bodies.
4355- The years of John Paul II's papacy have not actually been a time in which "soft power" could achieve a great deal anywhere, so that Stalin's famous question, "How many divisions has the Pope?," remained topical.
4356- They attack any sort of hope or progress to try to undermine morale.
4357- After all, what kind of faith allows putting instruments of mass murder on sale in the black market.
4358- The Sarajevo conference is a step in the right direction.
4359- America no longer qualifies, if it ever did, as a "hyper power," to use former French foreign minister Hubert Vedrine's term, though it is still far from being a "normal" power.
4360- So what should be our top global priorities?
4361- Meanwhile, politics belongs to the elites.
4362- After reviewing all relevant pediatric trials, the UK's Medinces and Heathcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) advised that the risks outweighed the benefits for all SSRI's (except fluoxetine), and that these products should not be prescribed as new therapy for patients under 18 years of age with depressive illness.
4363- Europe is neither dead nor dying.
4364- The US naively continues to view the Middle East as an object of manipulation, whether for oil or for other purposes.
4365- More importantly, they could not have won even if they had invested in petroleum, foodstuffs, sugar, coffee, cotton, wool, minerals, or phosphates: all of these commodities had become cheaper.
4366- Soccer stadiums once used for public executions under the Taliban are today used, once again, for soccer.
4367- Here is the trap into which the United States is being invited, in its distracted fury, to step.
4368- That's why a pause now makes good sense.
4369- Many of the worst outcomes in Asia occurred in tsunami-prone areas, such as the low-lying coastal areas of Sri Lanka.
4370- It is argued that early retirement systems cater to needs that are different from those addressed by traditional PAYG schemes.
4371- Neutralizing the perceived threat from Khodorkovsky meant depriving him of the means to achieve his ambitions by separating his Menatep Group from Yukos's future cash flows.
4372- In this instance, Mexico prefers multilateralism to unilateralism, and peaceful disarmament over military might, because Mexico's interests diverge from those of the US.
4373- This trend will have many consequences, most obviously for the welfare state, notably pensions and healthcare.
4374- The motor has turned into a brake.
4375- But in others, an honest look at the evidence will reveal that the basic causes are disease, climatic instability, poor soils, distances from markets, and so forth.
4376- Muslims cannot blame the United States for their lack of democracy. Still, America does play a large role on the world stage; and in many parts of the Muslim world, particularly in the Arab world, successive US administrations--Republican and Democratic alike--have not made democratization a priority.
4377- America was briefly tempted into real imperialism when it emerged as a world power a century ago, but the interlude of formal empire did not last long.
4378- Of course, parliamentary political systems are far from perfect.
4379- As it integrates into the world economy, it must seek to sustain growth while protecting the environment and reducing poverty and inequality.
4380- Average incomes are amongst the lowest in the world.
4381- It made no sense to "privatize" a vital area of public concern such as airport security.
4382- Economic growth has been impressive, and life is definitely getting better.
4383- For Central Americans, the cost of drugs will soar, straining budgets and gutting health care. The result may be a death sentence for many.
4384- But rapid change is always unnerving, and not everyone has emerged better off.
4385- Indeed, what is most ominous is that extremists realize this more clearly than the moderate, silent majority, who find the noise irritating but do not know how to start a serious dialogue.
4386- Of these, Hans-Werner Sinn's Ist Deutschland noch zu retten?
4387- We can feel victimized and criticize the oppressors, but to stop them we need to look at ourselves.
4388- In both countries, the main trade reforms took place about a decade after the onset of higher growth.
4389- Russia is by no means seeking to isolate itself.
4390- In addition to the shocking waste of lives and money from the Iraq war, America has done the world another great disservice.
4391- It is a sad fact that a large majority of voters in the EU are against Turkish membership. But they are reacting to the current situation.
4392- Recent events have made crystal clear what we already knew - that human and animal viruses are not mutually exclusive.
4393- All at once we seem to hear two demographic time-bombs ticking: the continuing population explosion in parts of the third world, and the astonishing rate of aging in the first world.
4394- But if high interest rates are causing the Euro's rise, why was the dollar appreciating in periods when the US Federal Reserve cut rates aggressively?
4395- So why do Europeans have fewer and fewer children?
4396- Second, the rise of the non-aligned movement, founded by Zhou En Lai, Nehru, and Tito in 1955, launched a sort of substitute ideology for the UN.
4397- In Spain, the birthrate of 1.07 per woman is even lower than in Russia.
4398- Otherwise, the rules become unenforceable.
4399- Belarus seems beyond redemption, but appearances are deceptive.
4400- We know that individuals and institutions make mistakes. Such mistakes are all the more likely in times of stress.
4401- Then there are the questions of the Israeli Arabs and of Jerusalem (for is it, as Berlin once was, to be sliced in two by a wall?).
4402- Nevertheless, internal policies will be of grave importance.
4403- Here in Australasia, we imported this perspective from overseas, actively suppressing more holistic Maori and Aboriginal understandings about human distress.
4404- (Incidentally, an even smaller proportion of the American electorate explicitly supported the "Reagan Revolution" in the US.)
4405- At first, one is impressed by most of the runners, almost all of whom seem to be going fast.
4406- So it is no surprise that another annual meeting of the IMF passed without any major steps forward in "reforming the global financial architecture."
4407- Such fundamental issues cannot be relegated to technocrats, particularly when those technocrats place the interests of one segment of society above others.
4408- If the US first makes an effort to consult others and try a multilateral approach, its occasional unilateral tactics are more likely to be forgiven.
4409- A tax could be imposed, say, at the rate of 90%, on the "excess" gains from the acquisition of state assets--e.g., on gains in excess of 10% cumulative returns on original equity investments.
4410- There are three largely unrecognized problems:
4411- Moreover, democracy alone will not convert the current crop of extremist jihadis to peaceful change.
4412- Now, however, concerns over these drugs' safety and side effects in children and adolescents -- including elevated suicide rates -- have awakened regulators in many countries.
4413- A favorite leader?
4414- By the end of this year, the EU is to decide whether to open membership talks with Turkey - a country that is not only poor and big, but Muslim.
4415- The goal of a ``Greater Albania,'' has not been forgotten.
4416- Such disasters not only cause death by drowning or starvation, but also damage crops and make them vulnerable to infection and infestations by pests and choking weeds, thereby contributing to food shortages and malnutrition.
4417- Neither party, it seems, can commit credibly to peace.
4418- Not only is the US military busy trying in Iraq, but the way the US went into Iraq - which proved to have fewer nuclear capabilities than Iran - undermined American credibility, making it difficult to recruit allies to contain Iran's nuclear ambitions.
4419- population 3.6 0.4 0.8 3.0 2.3
4420- It is a highly virulent influenza virus such as this that is devastating chickens in parts of Asia.
4421- Aside from the infrastructure damage and civilian suffering and death implied by the cynical term "collateral damage," all wars have environmental effects.
4422- We are, it seems, at last becoming a world in which each of us is our brother's keeper.
4423- While average agricultural income grew by 90% in the 1994-97 period, the rural tax burden jumped by 800%.
4424- The most surprising and controversial thing about last December's rate hike by the European Central Bank was that, after two and a half years of keeping interest rates at exceptionally low levels, the bank ventured an increase of only 25 basis points with no promise of more to come.
4425- In this we have the clear support of the international community, with the United Nations Security Council giving its unanimous support to my demand for presidential elections.
4426- This persistent acceleration in American productivity growth has, however, created a massive political problem for President George W. Bush.
4427- Unless a robust international economic boom (unlikely) unexpectedly aids Berlusconi's government, we will hear more talk about reform but see even less action.
4428- Russian leaders typically dealt with their fear of isolation--and encirclement--by going out of their way to appear threatening.
4429- If we look at five-year periods between 1967 and 1986, the number of different teams that qualified for the quarterfinals varied between 28 and 30.
4430- Unfortunately, whoever wins the election - Schroeder or Stoiber - will be helpless in the medium term to address the problem.
4431- Derided by detractors as a new "domino theory," this view presented intervention in Iraq as similar to America's role in post-WWII Japan.
4432- The high point of disillusion with Russia's top leaders passed in 1999, when the level of trust in Yeltsin sunk to around 3%.
4433- Weak economic performance--whether it is called a recession or not--smells just as bad.
4434- But America will pay dearly for launching a war against global public opinion.
4435- Those disappointed by the incumbent government could vote for the opposition.
4436- Sustainable medicine also requires comparing health care expenditure with spending on other socially important goods.
4437- Liberalization could have reinvigorated the rural sector by reversing the collapse in cashew tree planting.
4438- All of this generates a vicious circle: the stronger the political power of pensioners and of older workers, the greater the pressure on government to shorten working lives and increase pension benefits.
4439- Bush's swaggering style plays well in Texas, but not in Paris and Berlin.
4440- Privatization has stalled.
4441- Similarly, countries like Turkey and Ukraine have adjusted their policies because they are attracted to Europe.
4442- Coal, like solar energy, is widely available.
4443- To what degree are Fatah, the secular movement controlled by Palestine President Abbas, and the Islamist Hamas ready to reach an understanding about how to proceed after the disengagement?
4444- A slowdown of the US and world economy, in turn, is bad news for asset markets and will put central banks in the awkward position to having to decide between fighting recession through easier money or fighting the inflation caused by rising oil prices by raising interest rates.
4445- Applied learning is the key to the post-Confucian states' success.
4446- As international capital and credit markets grew and Europeans increasingly allowed capital to move freely, it became impossible for them to control their money supplies.
4447- Indeed, among the World Bank's six "Governance Indicators," China's scores on the "Control of Corruption" index have actually slipped in recent years, from -0.20 in 1998 to -0.40 in 2002 and -0.69 in 2005.
4448- Fears that extending EMU to new states "too soon" would undermine the euro's external exchange rate are irrational.
4449- But these spasms will not revive the corpse.
4450- At the risk of sounding simplistic, I can't help feeling that working together as a group is an innately feminine tendency.
4451- So I have no doubt that Britain must remain influential within the Union.
4452- We, the Europeans, have one specific task.
4453- Nobody had a clear idea why the Euro plummeted to almost $0.80 in its first year and a half of trading, and nobody could predict when it would recover.
4454- For example, ten years of studies of the possible health effects of a class of carbon-based nanomaterials known as fullerenes report that the soccer-ball-shaped fullerene molecules known as "buckyballs," are powerful antioxidants, comparable in strength to vitamin E. Other studies report that some types of buckyballs can be toxic to tumor cells.
4455- That process, now as before, must culminate in an independent and democratic Palestine alongside a safe and secure Israel.
4456- Of course, Zhirinovsky's national/socialist rhetoric has hidden his almost slavish subservience to the Kremlin.
4457- Others point out that China has engaged in "good neighbor" policies since the 1990's, settled border disputes, played a greater role in international institutions, and recognized the benefits of using soft power.
4458- But, on the other hand, some of Bush's more intemperate Republican colleagues might have told him that global warming will lift ocean levels to the point where many of the coastal "blue" states, which tend to vote for the opposition Democrats, will be washed away, leaving only "red" Republican states in the center of the country.
4459- The so-called realists just don't understand the sources of tensions and stresses that are leading to a growing number of crises around the world.
4460- It can forget about US support in its campaign to gain a permanent seat in the UN Security Council.
4461- Since 2003, Latin America's economies have been thriving, with GDP, including estimates for 2006, up by 17% -- an average annual growth rate of 4.3% and a 12% increase in per capita GDP.
4462- But it is imperative that world leaders pursue such positive globalization strategies, rather than the negative, defensive, and protectionist policies that are so universally on offer today.
4463- It is hard to see such conditions repeated in today's world.
4464- But undermining his domestic standing by limiting Iran's revenues stands a better chance of succeeding than diplomatic efforts to persuade the regime to suspend uranium enrichment voluntarily, or coercive sanctions.
4465- Even as they are becoming ever more litigious, many Chinese believe that they have no hope of securing justice against the powerful.
4466- Delaying entry into EMU could make sense if a longer wait produced more information.
4467- But all of this would require extraordinary patience on the part of the Workers' Party and its supporters, whose hopes must be deferred as immediate priority is given to appeasing the bond market.
4468- Chronic debt-crisis countries from Mexico to Russia to South Korea are all fighting off capital inflows from investors looking for an exit as the dollar collapses.
4469- Most others would -- at the very least -- demand a coalition government to reflect the existing diversity of views.
4470- As the well-known Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins notoriously remarked, "Although atheism might have been logically tenable before Darwin, Darwin made it possible to be an intellectually fulfilled atheist."
4471- Constitutionally, European nations display characteristic richness.
4472- Former perpetrators often try to de-legitimize their former victims' moral superiority by claiming they were victims themselves.
4473- The US needs and benefits from effective multilateralism in a global world, one in which challenges cannot be met by any single country acting by itself.
4474- The thirty-year interval between historic bridge failures was first highlighted by the work of Paul Sibly, who wrote a thesis on the subject, and his University of London advisor, A. C. Walker.
4475- Their new leader, King Abdullah, appears to have legitimacy because of his seniority in the family.
4476- The ICTY has convicted Serbs, Croats, and Bosnians, and recently indicted several leaders of the Kosovo Liberation Army.
4477- The German sociologist Max Weber made his reputation with warnings of the dire consequences of further Polish immigration to Germany.
4478- The fall of Communism was an opportunity to create more effective global political institutions based on democratic principles - institutions that could stop what appears to be, in its current form, the self-destructive tendency of our industrial world.
4479- Similar changes can be expected in other countries, as the importance of scientific competition and entrepreneurship becomes better understood.
4480- From the current French viewpoint, however, laws and regulations based on ethnicity are regarded as an unwelcome encroachment on the Republican ideal.
4481- Coalition military officials recognize the obvious: without proof of Saddam Hussein's demise, resistance by his hardcore supporters would inevitably continue.
4482- Japan's political leadership needs to be founded on a competitive but stable political structure.
4483- When a country specializes in a certain area, capital and labor move into that area at a rate faster than they move into other areas -- indeed, the growth of export-related sectors may come at the cost of a decline in other areas.
4484- Indeed, Taylor continues to incite trouble.
4485- In a conversation he protested: "No, the Church is not civil society, it is sacred society."
4486- Therefore it cannot be dull for long periods because people will then begin to doubt democracy itself.
4487- We call these technologies "agriculture," and, for the first time, they gave human beings the power to move outside the laws of natural selection.
4488- After all, the "jumping" of viruses from wild animals to humans is more common than we like to think.
4489- Compassion in Dying, a right-to-die society and non-medical NGO, participates in a consultative way in most of these cases.
4490- Instead, its leaders hope that a robust international force in southern Lebanon will provide protection for northern Israel, leaving them with a free hand to deal unilaterally with Gaza and the West Bank, while committing the international community to Israel's failed unilateralism.
4491- Otherwise, communist patriarchs--and their often scarcely more democratic postcommunist successors--have not seen fit to pitch their bloodlines against the sprawling institutional bureaucracy left behind by Leninism.
4492- Free Trade or Freebies for the Powerful?
4493- Of course, roadblocks await.
4494- For example, many trials did not describe their method of measuring statistical relevance, and only called themselves "randomized controlled trials."
4495- For one thing, while Europe's doctrine of social solidarity preaches fairness and equality, it masks an "insiders' society" that is spectacularly unjust at the upper end of the income spectrum.
4496- It is one of dozens of similar operations -- from the world's largest salt flats in the south, to Lake Titicaca in the west, to the eastern Pantanal wetlands -- that combine economic growth with conservation.
4497- The declaration passed with 84 votes in favor, 34 against, and 37 abstentions.
4498- The other was that Germany should be helped on the way to democracy.
4499- During Megawati's trip to America to support President Bush's policy, indeed, the government in Jakarta was almost incapacitated by these small, noisy and radical Islamic groups.
4500- After a second or third episode, the risk of recurrence rises to 80-90%.
4501- Contentious foreign policy makes contacts uneasy and agreements difficult to reach.
4502- Perhaps that is one of the reasons we really love them.
4503- High oil prices fuel public discussion about the future of oil prices.
4504- So today's entry barriers, particularly in Europe, will produce ever-increasing waves of illegal immigration, with all the crime, corruption, and suffering that this implies. (Money to be made from the illegal traffic in people, by some estimates, already outstrips the profits of the illegal drug trade.)
4505- Goethe already spoke of this in his play "Torquato Tasso," when he cried out: "Compare yourself!
4506- One legal ``reform'' almost abolishes the crime of false accounting; another makes it difficult, if not impossible, to collect evidence of a crime from abroad.
4507- Brazil's monetary policy has been managed extraordinarily well by Arminio Fraga (my former student), but behind him is a strong institution , with the analytic capacities of a first world Central Bank.
4508- All four seemed well-intentioned, but again they caused pain.
4509- Despair and alienation have taken hold of the younger generation of Arabs, who represent over 50% of the region's population.
4510- The strong Euro has made matters worse.
4511- But an imperial Russia cannot be a democratic Russia. So Kuchma endangers freedom and human rights not only in Ukraine, but ultimately threatens Russia's democracy as well.
4512- Are famously liberal Hollywood film directors spending too much time going to anti-globalization rallies? Perhaps.
4513- Hence, the paradox that success leads to failure, and failure leads to success.
4514- Keynes' colleague at Cambridge University, A.C. Pigou, voiced the standard theory of the time: if wages and prices fell sufficiently, then consumers with money would eventually feel well enough off (given how cheap everything had become) that they would start to spend, rejuvenating the economy.
4515- The society embraced by Solidarity counted 10 million members; indeed, 10 million real citizens.
4516- The heads of state of all three countries have been invited to participate in the parades to be held in Moscow to celebrate the Red Army's victory over Nazi Germany.
4517- This desire is changing Islam, especially in the West.
4518- So it is crucially important to understand why the Treaty deserves to be ratified.
4519- What the EU aims at is not a duplication of NATO structures or an alternative to the Atlantic Alliance.
4520- Price divergences are here to stay. The Euro will do little to change that.
4521- Such pacts are spreading like wildfire across Asia.
4522- These epidemics may, in fact, be eliminated entirely in coming months.
4523- Fortunately, as we have become aware of these problems, we have learned much about what can be done about them.
4524- African civil society seems trapped in indifference and inertia.
4525- Even traditionally leftist parties like Brazil's Partido dos Trabalhadores or Uruguay's Frente Amplio have abandoned old Marxist ideals.
4526- If the political will is there, the partnership can be preserved and sustained.
4527- The basis for this idea is that the rise to power of Lula da Silva in Brazil, Hugo Chávez in Venezuela, Néstor Kirchner in Argentina, Tabaré Vásquez in Uruguay, and, most recently, Evo Morales in Bolivia and Michelle Bachelet in Chile show a socialist trend .
4528- All cultures impose on their members ideas about who they are, how they came to be, and where they fit in socially.�For example, pre-modern Europe believed that a woman who had sex before marriage might carry the imprint of her lover within her, so that her child born in wedlock would resemble the earlier lover, rather than the husband.�This served to justify the premium placed on female chastity.
4529- The US pays a minority share of UN and NATO peacekeeping operations, and the legitimacy of a multilateral umbrella reduces collateral political costs to America's so-called "soft" or attractive power - ie, its aid and cultural initiatives.
4530- Many people suspect that Megawati's inactivity results from her recognition of the almost intransigent nature of the challenges facing Indonesia.
4531- Some were direct victims of the fighting in those countries, while a much larger number died from war-related hunger and disease.
4532- If Europe conveys the impression that its friendship with America depends on who wins the US presidential elections, it is likely to freeze the transatlantic relationship for years.
4533- Instead, they repress, censor, silence and even imprison the moderates and appease the religious radicals.
4534- To start with, the private sector is doing well.
4535- What cause compelled her to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly?
4536- Moreover, unlike other luxury-loving Latin American leaders, Cuban officials do not flaunt lavish lifestyles.
4537- I believe that the chances for a political breakthrough in our region have never been better.
4538- During the wars in Croatia and Bosnia the UN was responsible for humanitarian assistance and also dedicated to peacemaking. Yet it was never able to use the former to advance the latter.
4539- He looked forward to the coming of an age of rational statesmanship, when every prime minister and foreign minister would recognize that regardless of the matter in dispute, binding arbitration between nations was a better strategy than war.
4540- Unfortunately, reacting to corrupt businessmen in this way sets in motion a vicious circle: more regulation may lead to even more corruption in order to avoid it; higher taxes on wealth will bring about even more tax evasion, making the system even more tainted.
4541- This remains true today.
4542- A full solution for this problem, which requires new incentives to foster research into drugs needed by less developed countries, is beyond the capacity of the WTO.
4543- Life in and with this city was as hypnotic as a drug.
4544- CAMBRIDGE: Debates over drug pricing and intellectual property rights are raging.
4545- How can America see reasonably rapid output growth and yet rising unemployment?
4546- Second, even when selling to countries other than the US, Japanese exporters often face stiff American competition.
4547- Little doubt remains that burning fossil fuels contributes to global warming by spewing carbon dioxide and other heat-absorbing, or "greenhouse," gases into the air.
4548- According to the directive's preamble, the state cannot cite insufficient assets as a reason to refuse a residence permit, as this would be inadmissible discrimination.
4549- After all, it might be the case that national elections in a place groping for a democratic future are not the best first step on the road to a liberal order.
4550- This can be done by opinion polls and the use of focus groups; it can also be achieved by referenda and plebiscites.
4551- (A fourth war, in 1971, did not involve fighting in Kashmir.)
4552- Once the possibility of serious negotiations appears, a Hamas that has improved the lives of ordinary Palestinians will be in a position to carry out the negotiations that will be needed for a historic compromise.
4553- Indeed, the economist Robert Mundell, whose work on optimal monetary zones is credited with laying the theoretical groundwork for the euro, insists that China should maintain its fixed exchange rate as a necessary part of its current phase of economic development.
4554- Unlike in China, India's government cannot simply ride roughshod over local interests by, say, leveling a village to build a roadway or a dam.
4555- Mere suspicion might form the basis of action.
4556- In France, as elsewhere in Europe, there have always existed unbridled nationalists, the "sovereignists" who say no to Europe in the name of defending the nation.
4557- If you don't have the resources, all your work is for nothing."
4558- These two factors -- low mortgage rates, and the fact that the country has filled up so much that our cars no longer marginalize location costs -- go a long way toward explaining the surge in housing prices over the past decade or so.
4559- When human rights are compromised, most often it is because people are desperately poor.
4560- That, together with the heroin that is trafficked from Burma to India, China, Thailand, and other countries in the region, poses a serious threat to our political and economic security.
4561- Some of these trends also have to do with the nature of modern technological change, which seems to favor capital and skilled workers disproportionately.
4562- Exports do not exceed 10% of GDP, and manufactured goods account for only about a third of total exports.
4563- The party has squandered that opportunity.
4564- According to a recent survey by the People's Bank (the central bank), households in the ten largest cities spend about 35% of their monthly income on average on mortgage repayments, which is comparable to other countries.
4565- Look beyond the insults and you see that Koštunica and Labus have similar moderate programs.
4566- So co-operation between Russia and the EU must be extended on many practical issues.
4567- "Shock therapy" is a strategy that has repeatedly failed.
4568- Around the same time, an important commission on Africa will issue a report to United Kingdom Prime Minister Tony Blair.
4569- The first conclusion I draw from such experience is this: everything depends on who the occupying power is.
4570- Still, there have been more moments lately that favor Huxley's vision of political order over that of Orwell.
4571- Let's pretend that the United States had such a government.
4572- But the price has been high in terms of Iraqi lives lost in sectarian fighting.
4573- It turned out to be their last real peace for decades.
4574- Next to Lenin's tomb is Stalin's grave and monument, where heaps of fresh flowers are always to be seen on the anniversaries of his birth, his death, and the victory over Hitler.
4575- They could just as easily take the high road: much evidence indicates that workers who are rewarded rather than victimized can contribute to greater competitiveness for firms in the long run.
4576- Their sample included countries in Latin America and Asian countries beyond Japan.
4577- It could even be argued that the ``juridification'' of the political process itself has gone too far.
4578- There is no ``crisis'' associated with that choice--just slow decline.
4579- Existing terrorists need to be stopped before they act; failing that, societies need to protect themselves and have ready the means of reducing the consequences of successful attacks.
4580- The round of trade negotiations begun in Doha in November 2001 was launched in a different spirit.
4581- So why did multi-communal politics ultimately work in Malaya, and then in both Malaysia and Singapore, and fail so badly in Ceylon?
4582- The Romanian sculptor Brancusi once said that when the artist is no longer a child, he is dead.
4583- Key players like the IMF and World Bank must become more transparent and their voting structures must be changed to reflect the current distribution of economic power - as opposed to that prevailing in 1945 - let alone to reflect basic democratic principles.
4584- But I believe that globalization has enormous potential -- as long as it is properly managed.
4585- They arrived at this conclusion when trying to reconcile a contradiction that has long puzzled those who study both biology and physics.
4586- Once we saw our exaggerated hopes for our investments failing, we began to consider our other sources of income and wealth, only to confront the worldwide economic slowdown that began in 2001.
4587- Suddenly, the West's interest is kindled.
4588- In this effort, we are sustained only by education.
4589- Lennon trumped Lenin.
4590- A sort of listlessness now grips Hong Kong, particularly the civil service.
4591- But the scale of this corruption should not blind us to the problem of public sector accounting, where many deceitful things are also being done.
4592- More recently, Noel Forgeard, the French co-CEO of the Franco-German aeronautical and defence company EADS, was forced to resign under a cloud of suspicion: he sold his EADS shares in March, before the company announced a costly delay in production of the Airbus A380.
4593- There should be no doubt about the answer: it is clearly in the EU's interest to see Turkey's democracy and economy continue to strengthen.
4594- Kadima's victory in Israel's elections is the country's most important political turning point in 30 years, if not longer.
4595- Indeed, the so-called welfare state continued to eat into the wealth and welfare of our children.
4596- Khrushchev's Secret Speech and End of Communism
4597- What will happen should crude strength and hard language prove inadequate to the task of insuring Russian national interests?
4598- True, it requires great skill to walk the narrow line that separates effective deterrence from reckless action.
4599- In some cases, notably Argentina, borrowing by domestic buyers exhausted all available lines of credit.
4600- It was also blamed for causing hepatitis in humans.
4601- Both Djindjic and Koštunica must ultimately realize that they are stuck with each other and so begin to compromise and cooperate.
4602- Another that warrants rereading is his 1990 paper "Macroeconomic Populism", which accurately depicts a temptation to which policymakers in Latin America and other countries often used to succumb.
4603- The World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg is, as expected, contemplating numerous bold promises, but the meeting itself is doomed to be an exercise in futility.
4604- Some archaeological evidence exists.
4605- Indeed, people may not know where their own interests lie, and may switch their political allegiances unpredictably.
4606- No, or at least not quite.
4607- Blair will then have triumphed in almost the classical sense of that word.
4608- If this beneficial relationship is to be maintained, scientific independence -- from both religious dogmatism and governmental intervention -- must be defended.
4609- But what difference would their presence make?
4610- A well-run military can be a source of attraction, and military cooperation and training programs can establish transnational networks that enhance a country's soft power.
4611- Everyone agrees that, under US law, the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war, so if conspiracy cannot be charged, Hamdan and others like him cannot be tried in any military courts, not just the ad hoc commissions.
4612- When drought comes to Southern Africa, as it has this year, tens of millions of impoverished peasant families struggle for survival.
4613- What is new today is the scale of migration, often across huge cultural divides - and often without a definite aim.
4614- So the following question arises. Although it is logical that all Europeans want to give a strong institutional basis to Europe's definitive and everlasting peace, and that we pragmatically unite our markets, these imperatives are insufficient to energize a Union with 25 members.
4615- Later that very day, a joint operation resulted in simultaneous arrests in five European countries.
4616- The dream was over. It had, most likely, never been realizable.
4617- The results of Iran's recent municipal elections were humiliating for Ahmadinejad and his supporters.
4618- By last year, the share of Ghana's population with telephones had increased almost six times.
4619- The late Julian Simon provided a tart response to this bit of weak reasoning.
4620- Later, suicides became routinely described as "non-accidental overdoses," and the broad-spectrum term "emotional lability" came into vogue, despite its inability to distinguish between a drug-induced suicide attempt and an outburst of tears.
4621- On the contrary, the future real value of our homes is fundamentally uncertain.
4622- Now the terrorists strike at Turkey.
4623- But those involved in human and veterinary medicine must no longer remain aloof from one another.
4624- In Mexico, democratization has brought greater stability, but this could well prove ephemeral.
4625- Of course, some laboratories receive EU grants, but without recognizing a specific European mission in research policies.
4626- The EU's members have structures to provide this, and with their support and input we are building structures at a Europe-wide level, to bring this information to EU policymakers.
4627- In all these areas, a pro-active policy of American support is crucial.
4628- But eradication and alternative livelihood projects mainly affect the lowest end of the value-added chain, the farmers, with no real impact on those higher up, such as large landowners and local traffickers, not to mention the extremely powerful drug lords and the international cartels and mafias.
4629- In the longer term, Netanyahu may again rise to the top in a post-Sharon era, if he is able to regain the center.
4630- On April 4, my mother gave me 18 knocks on the head for joining the Young Pioneers (the communist youth organization) without her permission.
4631- Civic virtue is rare.
4632- To kill so many people in the 20th century, a Hitler or Stalin required the apparatus of a totalitarian government.
4633- Turkey, of course, did not join the US-led occupation forces in Iraq, but it has put enormous effort into mobilizing regional support for a stable Iraqi state.
4634- Governments ought not to be allowed to massacre their own people. And weak governments should not be allowed to permit massacres to take place on their own territory even if they are not themselves carrying out the massacre.
4635- But if Iran pulls modest amounts of its oil from international markets, price increases are likely to offset (perhaps completely) any loss in revenue from the supply cut.
4636- In other words, his efforts to reorient Russia's military to confront the most likely threats of the 21st century are being frustrated at the highest level.
4637- Public pessimism was also fed by falling rates of economic growth and mounting unemployment.
4638- Mugabe's decision to shut down Zimbabwe's only independent newspaper, The Daily News , could prove to be crucial in weakening the support that he still enjoys in the region.
4639- This worked in postwar Germany, but then traumatic memories of the Nazis and the relative weakness of antidemocratic movements helped.
4640- On the one hand, human-rights ideology -- and it is an ideology, every bit as much as Communism was or neo-liberalism is today -- is profoundly legalist, claiming legitimacy from treaties and other international and national instruments.
4641- But EU leaders have yet to admit what everybody knows: that Europe's population is not just ageing, it is starting to decline, and is likely to decline steeply in coming decades.
4642- Relationship-based financial systems perform better when markets and firms are smaller, when legal protection is weaker, there is little public information, and innovation is incremental. Banks tend to have close, long-term, and protective ties with the managers of such firms, primarily because the bank's holdings are illiquid.
4643- However, the metaphor is limited by a simple fact: computers do not make computers.
4644- Growth there remains anemic, and deflation lingers, suggesting a need for monetary stimulus.
4645- Such assessments require establishing and maintaining a system of high-level and high-quality scientific advising.
4646- If my bicycle is insured against theft, I might buy a cheaper lock for it, making it more likely that it will be stolen.
4647- Even the common currency's beneficial effects on trade among member countries were nullified by the paradoxical decision taken by the former sub-Saharan French colonies to dismantle the federal governmental structure and the single market of colonial times and to erect trade barriers in their place.
4648- Indeed, there is no specific religious or ethnic character to these riots, in so far as youth from various ethnic backgrounds have taken part.
4649- Yet the bombing raises political questions that demand answers.
4650- But important differences between Russia, Serbia, and Romania should be noted.
4651- This generated a wave of mutual recrimination across the Atlantic, with Europeans (especially the French and the Germans) accusing the US of irresponsible inflationism, while Americans blamed Europe for refusing to grow fast enough.
4652- Beyond that, a science that acknowledges an unconscious component in its operations, if not in its methodology, will best serve its practitioners as human beings, as well as being most likely to generate lasting value for the rest of us.
4653- They also can continue to play the blame game, letting the Union pursue reforms, while complaining about Brussels bureaucrats.
4654- The local forces to be encouraged - by special operations people and the provision of arms and training - are the leaders of the southern Shi'a and the northern Kurds.
4655- That would bring an additional $60 billion per year in foreign assistance from the US--approximately what it spent on Iraq this year. Yet President Bush has simply ignored this promise.
4656- Is this realistic?
4657- EU leaders made some progress on creating a single financial market throughout the Union, and on establishing a standard European patent.
4658- The Tyranny of King Cotton
4659- But these investments brought no economic trickle down.
4660- Thanks to German manufacturers, pianos were no longer restricted to aristocratic salons or the professional middle class, but began appearing in respectable working-class homes.
4661- Throughout the ages they have sought suitable niches in the international order in order to survive.
4662- Even so, why has so little come of the intention of the Iraq war's leaders to give democracy a chance in that country?
4663- Under Khrushchev and Gorbachev (and also Yeltsin), Russia was an autocratic society in which control of the elite was the key to power.
4664- "Blair said: ‘Going is the most difficult thing to do in politics.
4665- But McLuhan could not have anticipated the cosmopolitan class, because he could not have anticipated the immense development of direct interpersonal communications media that allow cosmopolitans around the world to form friendships.
4666- China will soon be the world's biggest trading power.
4667- Evidence-based medicine--a popular technique for controlling costs--is ordinarily aimed only at the efficacy of diagnostic or therapeutic procedures.
4668- And should Bolivia, or foreign companies, reap most of the windfall gains from increases in energy prices?
4669- Almost one in five hoped that unemployment would be addressed.
4670- Although the circumstances are different, the fundamental issues are always the same, for they touch on questions of legitimacy and morality.
4671- It is American policies that have led to America's unpopularity.
4672- "Effective participation by members of all racial and ethnic groups in the civil life of our nation," the court said, "is essential if the dream of one nation, indivisible, is to be realized."
4673- Most numerous were the tens of thousands of young Muslim men who went to fight against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan. Terrorism became more brutal and indiscriminate as motivations changed from the limited and political to unlimited or retributive objectives reinforced by promises of rewards in the afterlife.
4674- Veterinarians and farmers have long known of a coronavirus that can kill 90% or more of young pigs.
4675- Without this conviction the letter of the law is nothing but a mask for bureaucratic caprice and authoritarian will.
4676- We now risk failing to meet the Millennium Development GOAL, set out by the United Nations, of reversing the spread of AIDS, TB and malaria by 2015. This failure will make remote any hope of reaching the other Millennium goals in the fight against poverty.
4677- Consumer credit began in China only in the late 1990's, with regulations allowing banks to offer mortgage loans, which now amount to about 10% of total loans.
4678- The whole world has turned upside down, and yet France and Britain, for example, retain permanent seats on the UN Security Council.
4679- But values are subject to change, often in response to past experience and fears about the future.
4680- Is it time for Japan to prime its weapons and sail out into the world in defense of peace?
4681- The Republican Party and the American Petroleum Institute sank that proposal.
4682- If the trend is extrapolated, the home bases of Europe's largest companies will account, on average, for less than half of their European revenue, and less than a third of their global revenue, before the end of this decade.
4683- Specifically, we should find such archeological evidence at sites in Africa from between 200,000 and 100,000 years ago.
4684- Foremost are the four freedoms of the single market; free movement of goods, services, people and capital.
4685- So on May 1, 2004, when the dream of expansion is fulfilled, there will likely be little jubilation on either side of Europe.
4686- As William Kristol, a supporter of the Sharon line and a leading conservative US commentator wrote: "You can't have a peace process in which one of the partners is a sponsor of terrorism.
4687- Nor are emerging markets yet large enough to play a meaningful role in the balance of total global demand.
4688- In any case, arguments about the size of world oil reserves and when global production will peak misses the key security issue.
4689- Thousands of volunteers took their role seriously, producing the complaints that the Prosecutor is now investigating.
4690- But most British Muslims condemned them, insisting on loyalty to Britain.
4691- In 1999, we co-founded a firm, Macro Securities Research, LLC, to promote the development of such institutions, working with the American Stock Exchange to create securities that would allow people to manage real estate as well as other risks.
4692- But would Turkey be Muslim today without Ataturk?
4693- For thirty months, governments and parliamentarians have been working on a new constitution for Europe.
4694- But India's good intentions, like America's affirmative action policies, are misguided.
4695- Pinker's message will appeal to those eager to avoid political reforms that would compel a greater sense of collective responsibility.
4696- Unfortunately, such repression has been merely reactive and shortsighted, with no clear long-term vision about the nature of Islamic education in the West.
4697- Folk singers have been threatened, abducted, and forbidden to sing in public.
4698- I studied engineering, not only because I wanted a profession that might protect me from the daily political demagogy, but also because I hoped it would protect me from that essential self I had discovered on an unforgettable post-war July afternoon.
4699- This means that tinkering with the content of porn could be in the national interest, under certain circumstances.
4700- Developing skills and qualifications is all the more vital to establishing a more peaceful and prosperous future in areas already riven by conflict.
4701- Between 1950 and 2050, Africa's population is projected to soar by 800%, from 221 million to nearly 1. 8 billion, Asia's by 375%, from 1.4 billion to 5.3 billion, and Latin America's by 484%, from 167 million to 809 million.
4702- The French have no such duty toward the English Crown.
4703- France's Royal Visage
4704- EU leaders should talk about the European idea and the European spirit in a way that encourages Europe's citizens to think about how they came together, why they are staying together, and what they want to do together.
4705- Voters may prefer Lopez Obrador, but they value Mexico's stability above all.
4706- As in 2002, the winner next year will be whomever the electorate dislikes or fears less.
4707- The Politics of Fun
4708- Here is where the constitutional assembly underway in Brussels can and must link enlargement with reform of the Union, for enlargement must also be used to strengthen the transparency and democratic legitimacy of the EU.
4709- Recessions typically are defined by whether GDP has fallen .
4710- It did so by a gentlemen's agreement, and with reasonable success.
4711- Instead of preparing a pool of educated workers for the future, the government's policies have given rise to an illiterate and innumerate population.
4712- Someday, when he grows up, Benedict Jr. will look to us to reconstruct the memories of the father he will never know.
4713- During 1977, the worst year for human rights violations, the average Latin American rate of terror stood at 3.0.
4714- Indeed, the UK's premier security think tank, the Institute for International Strategic Studies, recently warned that, while the world focuses on the fight against international terrorism and the unfolding events in the Middle East, China is rapidly expanding its influence from Asia to Africa.
4715- The European Union is neither closed nor static; it is a living organism.
4716- This saves resources, but it also implies a considerable loss of meaning.
4717- It is six years since the IMF's fateful meeting in Hong Kong, just before the global financial crisis.
4718- We are united as a people and in our shared history of suffering.
4719- It is this agenda, rather than the hollow hope of open sectoralism, that should be the main priority of trade negotiators in the future.
4720- This public outrage also incited political change.
4721- As with Greece, democratic consolidation was at stake.
4722- The debate over Iraq in Mexico reveals a deep divide between those who seek closer ties with the US, and those wary of that possibility.
4723- As the G8 leaders gather in Scotland, it is hard to imagine them coming up with a better investment in our common future.
4724- There is much talk about it in the European Union, but little practical effect.
4725- Parmalat was a family firm trying to be a post-modern firm, and which simply cheated on the way as it tried to expand fast.
4726- These goodwill gestures have, however, failed to moderate China's belligerent posture.
4727- Focusing on terrorism, the strategy calls for strengthening the network of international partners seeking to eradicate transnational terrorism, and for direct action against terrorist organizations and their sponsors. Ultimately, it seeks to address what President Bush considers the root causes of terrorism, particularly the absence of open political systems and economic opportunity.
4728- Tamper with property, no matter how ill-gotten, and no investor will have confidence, they claim.
4729- This disquiet is expressed in several ways. One is through voter apathy.
4730- In Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden himself was a proxy in the jihad against the Soviets.
4731- They are either too cynical or timid in their vision of the world, or they have others priorities, or both.
4732- First, there was strong external pressure: confronted and exasperated by Arafat's deviousness and autocratic style, the United States and the European Union clearly told the Palestinians that any future support for their quest for independence would depend on their going through a reasonably acceptable democratic process.
4733- 0.7
4734- The most immediate and most obvious is that it is difficult to hold out long against the US, especially when the American government is under pressure from major domestic interest groups whose strong lobbying power might be used to lead a push for new trade protectionism.
4735- Brazil has carved out a path that is not based on ideology or over-simplistic economics.
4736- Yields, on average, barely support survival, and crop failures are common and deadly, while long-term global climate change, caused mainly by high energy consumption in the rich countries, may be exacerbating the frequency and severity of droughts.
4737- From a global point of view, there are currently five countries that have reached 0.7% of GNP in aid: Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden.
4738- But, all these years later, I have yet to meet anyone who knows what they are talking about who is prepared to defend Kyoto as a substantive global public policy.
4739- Domestically, it has thwarted the country's economic, social and political development. Internationally, [it] has diminished the country's stature and left its reputation smeared.
4740- His definitive judgement is due January 27
4741- After the Gujarat violence the national BJP government faced a "censure motion" vote in parliament.
4742- Moreover, the manner in which the Bush administration unveiled its withdrawal plan has weakened the credibility of the US-Korean alliance.
4743- While acknowledging that trauma is often all too memorable, these certain clinical trauma theorists assert that a condition known as "traumatic dissociative amnesia" leaves a large minority of victims unable to recall their trauma, precisely because it was so overwhelmingly terrifying.
4744- It is often said that continental Europe and Japan lack the strong risk-taking tradition that exists in America or the UK.
4745- It is the mark of a good club that people clamor to become members.
4746- Similarly, youth are becoming involved in conflict around the world with alarming frequency, either as victims or, just as tragically, as soldiers.
4747- Globalization is not responsible for third world poverty.
4748- America looks at not only economic stability and investment in human health and education, but regard for civil liberties, government effectiveness, the rule of law, and anti-corruption norms.
4749- Well aware of western doubts about the party, Erdogan travelled immediately after the elections to western capitals, pressing his argument that the change in government had not changed Turkey's fundamental orientation.
4750- Today, both the US and the European Union keep a close watch on international acquisitions.
4751- These developments seem to add to global inequality.
4752- These are mere words, for in mind and action Putin does not want anyone to rule Ukraine that he has not put in place.
4753- But the trend will not be stopped.
4754- Billions of dollars have been spent on mapping the human genome.
4755- It could be that these powerful emotional states increase the propensity of the brain to produce corresponding verbal "messages."
4756- In the meantime, the key task is to promote the rule of law, backed by the international community.
4757- Its capacity to render justice should be of paramount concern to us all.
4758- In Egypt, for example, fertility rates declined from 4.8 to 2.9 children per woman in the last 15 years.
4759- These are highly complex cases, frequently involving not only novel issues under international law, but also thousands of witnesses -- often traumatized by their suffering -- dispersed to many lands, the constant need for high-quality simultaneous translations, and disruptive tactics by some defendants.
4760- I am not speaking of relative poverty, the nearly inevitable fact that some members of society are worse off than others, though to some extent that varies society to society.
4761- The best way to guard against this is to open a special account with an independent central bank, where the fund can be kept safely out of the reach of politicians.
4762- This is the case with some of the more technical issues relating to individual policy areas.
4763- The victory of Parliament in Kuwait's succession crisis is likely to lead some of Kuwait's neighboring autocracies to stiffen their resolve against modernity and democracy.
4764- In many matters pertaining to the Lisbon Strategy, the EU cannot avoid member states' concerns.
4765- There is also a dark cloud over the mortgage market following a judgment by the Supreme People's Court in 2003 that banned the repossession of homes that are a primary residence.
4766- In that Internet world, no authority has the ability to silence or satisfy them.
4767- Yugoslavia gave way to Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia, Macedonia; it may perhaps shortly disgorge Kosovo and Montenegro as well.
4768- I agree with the critics' conclusion, but not with their premise, for the success of the single currency so far has been due precisely to the political commitments of the Union's member countries.
4769- Lack of clean water also limits safe rehydration of diarrhea or fever sufferers.
4770- We must trust the WHO and its associates to come to our rescue, as it did so admirably with SARS.
4771- Based on Jon Kabat Zinn's Stress Reduction program at the University of Massachusetts Medical Center, Mindfulness-based Cognitive Therapy (MBCT) combines modern cognitive behavioral therapy with meditation practices to help people become more aware of the present moment, including getting in touch with moment-to-moment changes in the mind and body (see www.mbct.co.uk).
4772- Great achievements are possible when the Atlantic community is united.
4773- This does not mean that democracy is unimportant. But the sequence of reforms is critical for successful economic development, with economic reforms coming first.
4774- But elections are a democratic instrument only if all parties accept their results.
4775- Instead of talking to fellow diplomats, Argentina's ambassador to the US should talk to US supermarkets, convincing their managers to buy Argentine goods and arranging for them to meet with small businessmen from his country.
4776- As Smith emphasized, when commerce links us to foreign peoples, we come to regard them not as barbarians but as potential suppliers and customers.
4777- But piecemeal arrests will not be enough to reverse the drift if a culture of intolerance is allowed to fester.
4778- Take the Euro and Run
4779- But instead of bashing or seeking to undermine Al Jazeera, politicians should encourage this bastion of free expression, recognizing that Arabs will need to endure a messy process on the way to democracy.
4780- No jackboots are to be seen marching through Hong Kong's sleek shopping malls, but a distinct whiff of totalitarianism is in the air.
4781- Further elections are scheduled in Iraq and the Palestinian Authority.
4782- At a 1959 meeting of the American Physical Society, Richard Feynman, perhaps the most admired physicist of our time, gave a talk entitled, "There's Plenty of Room at the Bottom."
4783- The horrendous terrorist attacks on America, seemingly perpetrated by the extreme ideology of religious jihad, has brought the two liberal democracies closer than ever before.
4784- Because Internet chat rooms and personal emails have become essential to many Chinese, the upgrading of Internet supervision is also gaining momentum.
4785- Friedman was the catalyst for a profound shift in how governments conduct economic policy.
4786- Such a strategic goal would provide justification for prudent fiscal and monetary policies, and, given Poles' desire to consider themselves full Europeans, it would boost political support for such policies.
4787- Undeniably, the independence of judges today requires more than lifetime tenure and reasonable emoluments (which were Hamilton's concerns).
4788- To assure that, profits -- protected by patents -- are needed.
4789- American citizens' resistance to moderating energy consumption for the sake of the global environment is much more deeply embedded.
4790- The second kind of mishap is a bubble, such as that which brought down Japan in 1990 and America's dot-coms last year.
4791- -1.8
4792- If they abandon macroeconomic discipline, as Hungary and possibly the Czech Republic may be doing, they alone will face the consequences.
4793- Ríos Montt's latest political battle began when he sought to contest the upcoming presidential election.
4794- The really sick countries are three of the EU's four biggest: France, Germany, and Italy.
4795- In 2003, while Taylor was under rebel attack, he organized and supported an incursion into Côte d'Ivoire.
4796- You kept power by sticking together in thought and word and deed.
4797- We were still debating when finally the Americans had to come from halfway around the world, into Europe yet again, to do our work for us. Europe still hasn't learned its lesson.
4798- While most Russians seem to realize that their country can no longer be "salvaged" by the Communists, many are betting on semi-authoritarian rule and national revival stemming from traditional Russian values.
4799- Others include shura (consultation), ijtihad (independent reasoning), and ijma (consensus).
4800- With our knowledge, science, and technology, the horrendous living conditions of the world's poorest people could be dramatically improved.
4801- Will Greeks fund water control projects in the Netherlands?
4802- Then, with Labour in power, Brown could expect in due time to receive the mantle.
4803- Moreover, if salaries are low, how can university deans stop their faculty members from scouring the country to do lucrative consulting?
4804- The plan also entails considerable strategic risks, which, probably more than the prospect of uprooted settlements, account for the large "no" by Likud members.
4805- The answer that we as individuals accept is that we are free because we rule ourselves in common, rather than being ruled by some agency that need not take account of us.
4806- At that pace, an economy would need 200 years to double in size.
4807- Far from it.
4808- Yet in other cases of collective action, we willingly affirm collective guilt and a shared duty to make reparations.
4809- Mullah Aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize, that he ordered all the former poppy producing areas, as well as surrounding areas, to double poppy production the following year.
4810- The desirability of generous public pensions, on the other hand, cannot be dissociated from their cost to taxpayers.
4811- How humanitarian.
4812- This form of recession is sometimes characterized by vast increases in debt (corporate or consumer), or by dizzying stock market or capital asset speculations that eventually come crashing down.
4813- But the US reassured India that they faced a common threat from transnational terrorism, and that the old Cold War pairings of India and Pakistan were outdated.
4814- The matter is now the subject of a criminal investigation.
4815- UK firms are no doubt counting on returning to Iraq on America's coattails.
4816- Often its function is very similar to the old one, but occasionally a drastic change occurs.
4817- A lone cow standing in a meadow.
4818- In the wake of the euphoric mass protests in Kyiv, Russia's president has since said that he can work with whatever government Ukraine's people choose.
4819- But, increasingly, the fixation on credit reflects the work's potential monetary value.
4820- The long history of climate change shows the risks of dramatic and abrupt changes over the course of but a few decades;
4821- Without cooperation, the problem is beyond American control.
4822- Worse, it was turned into a caricature, and then declared false.
4823- To me, uncertainty should make us act more resolutely today, not less.
4824- Electronic voting, used at 10% of polling stations, also caused problems.
4825- Already, we are expecting the tough conditions of the IMF's reform program to be extended from five years to six.
4826- A visitor to Georgia's capital, Tbilisi, now sees the same level of determination to join the West that existed a decade ago in the Baltic states.
4827- Even if the UN Security Council could establish an ad hoc tribunal to try the abuses of American officials in Iraq, this would still address only the guilt of individuals, not the problem of each American's own responsibility for having participated, directly and indirectly, in a culture that generated the torture of prisoners.
4828- This implies shifting medical resources sharply towards health promotion and disease prevention.
4829- In South Africa, it was arguably the economic pressure brought by sanctions which eventually brought down the racist Apartheid system; but by the same token, it was economic support from the outside--including loans from multinational banks--which kept the system going for so long.
4830- Efforts to unite politics and religion are dividing Muslims just as they divided Christians in Europe.
4831- Human SARS might never have spread to the extent that it did (killing 800 people and devastating economies) if the problem had been openly acknowledged, with the World Health Organization involved from the outset.
4832- Survival was all that mattered, and for this it needed money.
4833- The interest that Russia's military and diplomatic elite is defending is something I call the ``confrontation paradigm,'' within which the role--and budgets!--of the Foreign and Defense Ministries receive priority in public spending.
4834- Americans are right to point out that Europeans spend an undue amount of time consulting among themselves, and then come up with very little.
4835- Health officials around the world should maintain their vigilance and prepare for the possibility that renewed control efforts will be required if SARS resurges.
4836- But even if America has lost some of its attractive "soft power," Europe's post-industrial publics are not willing to pay the price -- a doubling or tripling of defense spending as a share of GDP -- to invest in the military power that would be required to balance its hard power.
4837- Both the 1914 and the 1933 analogies point to the most striking characteristic of the current debate: the key role of security worries in justifying protectionism.
4838- The 12-year-old child's lunchbox blasted at Hiroshima, preserved by chance, with its rice and peas charred by the atomic explosion, weighs as much on our conscience as the Enola Gay .
4839- The International Red Cross and others started complaining about abuses as early as December 2002.
4840- Hence the skepticism, hence the expectation that Act III may open soon.
4841- Cell phones and Internet connectivity could reach all of Africa at low cost, ending the economic isolation of hundreds of millions of people.
4842- In other words, Russia's population crisis is one manifestation of a crisis of ideas.
4843- Iran's current supreme ruler, Seyyed Ali Khamenei, whose religious degree was a focus of suspicion in the seminary and among the clerical elite, was not considered a jurist by merit.
4844- However much we may worry about the distributional consequences of outsourcing, we should never overlook the fact that it increases the total size of the economic pie.
4845- Inequality is incompatible with freedom if it limits individuals' chances of participation in the political community, in the market, and in civil society.
4846- For weeks, Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi insisted that he would name a "dedicated inflation fighter" to head the Bank of Japan.
4847- Some Democratic activists seek an immediate withdrawal and are pressing for Congress to cut off funding for the war, but that is unlikely.
4848- But from the outset of the intervention, coalition officials have displayed patent disregard for mass graves and massacre sites.
4849- That's a tiny amount of money for rich countries, which routinely spend over $2000 per person per year for health, but it is a sum out of reach for poor countries like Malawi, with annual incomes of $200 per person.
4850- That division is dangerous.
4851- For years he championed extreme Serbian nationalism and led paramilitary formations in the wars of Yugoslavia's disintegration.
4852- Will the political winds shift to reinvigorate economic liberalization, with politicians reminiscent of Britain's Margaret Thatcher or the US's Ronald Reagan coming to the fore, breathing the fire of change?
4853- They will be wrong. Nonetheless, political trials (and war crime trials are always political trials) must not only punish, but also teach.
4854- The same can be said for country after country in the developing world.
4855- Judging Bush's Military Tribunals
4856- From this perspective, once Buffett earned his first few millions in the 1960's, his efforts to accumulate more money can easily seem completely pointless.
4857- Western Europe's productivity per hour worked, for example, is now only 10% or so below America's.
4858- Elections are Not Enough
4859- As I grow older, I'm no longer sure why this is so important, but the male members of our species seem to think that it is.
4860- The elections are but a first step; the insurgency continues; civil war remains possible.
4861- The agricultural sector--the largest employer of children in both developing and industrialized countries--is particularly difficult to oversee.
4862- Do multinational companies, international non-governmental organizations, and multilateral lenders really understand local needs?
4863- An apocalyptic scenario in the making?
4864- By 2015, the number will reach or exceed 55%.
4865- While a secularist coalition, mixing apples and oranges, may have declared war against a broad front of Islamic tendencies, the government, with its moral authority among the Muslim majority in Turkey, will be able to isolate the violent fringe and drive it into oblivion.
4866- As Pakistan's international prestige declined, its creation and ongoing support for the Taliban boomeranged against it.
4867- Free mobility of labor in other areas would probably produce the same effect.
4868- At the same time, successive EU enlargements over the decades have brought in other powerful contenders, chiefly Spain and the UK, as well as smaller countries who are unwilling to bow before French-German leadership.
4869- The economic motivations are mostly defensive.
4870- At the very least, France and Germany are demanding that the Bush administration openly admit to its failure and the need for help.
4871- Most people would say that doing so is permissible, even though the harm to the aggressor is much greater than the value of the victim's teeth.
4872- That seems to have been the trap in which Russia's transition was caught for some time.
4873- Nonetheless, there is reason for optimism.
4874- Apart from the accounting trick implicit in Scandinavia's success, the high share of government in employment may also make a real contribution to solving one of the most fundamental problems western economies now face.
4875- As the future shape of global capitalism grows increasingly uncertain, family values are as relevant as ever.
4876- Moving Beyond Mexico's Crisis
4877- Similar tensions exist in some West European countries (Belgium, Spain, Italy) as well.
4878- Of course, this demonization is nothing like what we saw during the days of the USSR.
4879- When my school was sent to the Polish spa in the town of Zakopane, we were obviously enemies, unwanted in every respect.
4880- Changes in people's fundamental ways of thinking are not easily reversed.
4881- Policies concerning gene doping should not rely solely on the interests and infrastructures of sports organizations.
4882- For what the EU in practice says to China is this: "Taiwan's cause in not our own."
4883- In the Nordic countries, by contrast, the poorest 20% of households receive nearly 10% of total income, putting them at roughly one-half of the national average.
4884- His victory shattered a century-and-a-half of cozy bipartisan misrule.
4885- The regime has even conducted multi-agency exercises to test whether different government bodies could cooperate closely to keep "harmful information" off the Net during an emergency.
4886- Meanwhile, serious trade reform did not start until 1991-93.
4887- The upshot is that the emerging market policy environment is a lot more competitive, especially in terms of attracting FDI.
4888- Together the members of NATO have helped to protect Kosovo and recently brought aid to the victims of a devastating tsunami.
4889- Indeed, such a task - which is closely tied to the success of European integration - would be an authentic fulfillment of the European sense of global responsibility. And it would be a much better strategy than cheaply blaming America for the contemporary world's various problems.
4890- There are about 220,000 Israeli settlers in the West Bank and Gaza, excluding the approximately 190,000 people living in the neighborhoods of Jerusalem that extend beyond the pre-1967 border of the old, divided Jerusalem.
4891- Unfortunately, he is not popular with the Russian people, who blame him for the loss of Soviet power.
4892- They are finding themselves forced to shift their own rhetoric and attitude in order to dampen their defense of policies viewed as pro-American or US-inspired, and to stiffen their resistance to Washington's demands and desires.
4893- Yet it also cannot reduce reform to a nullity in order to ingratiate itself with the masses.
4894- Without implementation, all of the treaties in the world would lead us nowhere.
4895- At the same time, a moral politician never succeeds single-handedly in ensuring the common good.
4896- Putin: Tsar or Doge?
4897- The promise of Western integration is one reason that conflict seems impossible, for it is a question of geography as much as shared values and culture.
4898- The water crisis in Gaza is a cause of disease and suffering among Palestinians, and is a major source of underlying tensions between Palestine and Israel.
4899- It is my profound conviction that Russia does not deserve that we behave towards it as we would towards a leper, an invalid or a child who requires special treatment and whose whims, no matter how dangerous, must be understood and tolerated.
4900- In its early years the European Community was mainly concerned with peace, stability and democracy.
4901- The 1947-48 war, and subsequent United Nations intercession, led to partition, with India holding approximately two-thirds of Kashmir and Pakistan the other third.
4902- But the impact of America's planned troop withdrawals is felt most keenly in South Korea.
4903- This dualism has significant consequences for how we think, act, and feel.
4904- One subject China should address is freedom of belief.
4905- Rather than choose among all these current meanings, we might begin by returning to the word from which they all evolved, the Middle English "professen," to take vows.
4906- The relative silence about China in the US these days may be due merely to the news dominance of the Iraq War.
4907- Vast social problems demand an entire community's commitment, not just resolution from above.
4908- We need to reach into politics, because there will be no freedom for African, Arab, or Asian women without the advent of political democracy in their countries.
4909- Policy reforms shift the distribution of income in different directions in different developing countries, as expected, given the diverse starting conditions.
4910- Why this inaction?
4911- Self-Defense Force units have been dispatched to southern Iraq to provide humanitarian aid and support reconstruction efforts.
4912- The American administration was absolutely right to resist the call to turn Iraq over to a caudillo, as some wanted.
4913- Finding new ways of helping people stay well after depression demands an understanding of why depression keeps returning.
4914- The irrelevance of traditional culture explains the growing number of converts in all the recently discovered radical networks.
4915- The tragedy is that much of this deforestation has been entirely unnecessary from the standpoint of economic development.
4916- There is a profound difference between not supporting an undertaking deemed essential by the US and working actively to block it.
4917- At that moment, Pax Americana entered Africa, forging an alliance with the governments and people long struggling to establish a Pax Africana .
4918- Forewarned is forearmed, and early action might diffuse problems which would otherwise become intractable.
4919- Its ships and aircraft can rescue stranded nationals.
4920- A useful simplification in addressing the potential work of research ethics panels is to consider two models of review: "inquisitorial" and "accusatorial."
4921- We simply had reached the end of our endurance with the omnipresent and all-powerful communist apparatchiks who ruled in our workplaces, neighborhoods, even places of rest.
4922- If so, how?
4923- Their red and brown revolution would certainly be colorful, but not exactly the sunny outcome liberals profess to desire.
4924- Coastal countries tend to outperform landlocked countries.
4925- How concerned should advanced countries be about the outsourcing of manufacturing to China or software development to India?
4926- Even the nationalization of Yukos's assets may reflect little more than the absence of alternative buyers, given the obvious political obstacle passing those assets on to other domestic private-sector players (i.e., oligarchs), and the legal and reputational barriers to foreign investors.
4927- Defenders of President Bush, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, and the military emphasize the difficulty of the task they face in Iraq, human frailty and fallibility, and the fact that there are always a few "rotten apples."
4928- But intervention must never borrow methods from those against whom it is undertaken.
4929- They live in a global world; they do not perceive themselves as Middle Easterners.
4930- In 2002, at the Monterrey Conference, the international community agreed on a framework for reaching that goal.
4931- Assisted dying -- from ‘Should we do it?' to ‘Who should do it?'
4932- But much of what Enron did was not illegal.
4933- But financial inflows into Chechnya are often more destabilizing than helpful.
4934- The scenario of the early 1970's was replayed with floating rates in the mid-1980's, with the meetings of the major countries' finance ministers first forcing down the Yen and the D-mark against the dollar, and then trying in 1987 to hold rates stable.
4935- Still, winning is better than losing, and Mexico is better off today than it was yesterday, when many thought the left-of-center populist contender, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, would receive a thumping endorsement from the electorate.
4936- The early Muslims read the works of the great Greek scientists, mathematicians, and philosophers.
4937- 3. making clear that Europe and the US are on the same side , not only in the war on terror generally but also in dealing with Saddam.
4938- This, say the economists who took part in the Copenhagen Consensus, makes it the single best investment that the world could possibly make.
4939- These doubts are even stronger among those who consider the ideals of a social Europe insufficiently fulfilled, owing to the right's political dominance: control of 18 of 25 governments, the same number of European commissioners, and a majority in the European Parliament.
4940- So fear of a panic can create a panic.
4941- But the question is whether such growth will continue ten years from now or end up being a quick, but temporary, fix.
4942- A return to the lira would be "economic suicide" for Italy according to ECB chief economist Otmar Issing.
4943- The current state of affairs fails to meet their expectations, especially when contrasted with an idealized version of the past or the new patterns of consumption portrayed in the media.
4944- Lashing out at India and America, the firebrand cleric rhetorically asked, "Allah has told us to make atom bombs.
4945- Above all, the French and Dutch referendums confirmed that politics in the Union is now conducted "on the street," and that it is no longer possible to "construct" Europe at a distance and by stealth.
4946- NATO peacekeeping operations have been a stabilizing factor in the region.
4947- But how much does that explain the impression that the division between cosmopolitans and locals is so much wider now?
4948- The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the rural Marxist narco-traffickers who have been the most aggressive of Colombia's rebels, threatened violence, but backed off, as Uribe has fatally undermined both its military capability and popular support.
4949- On the other hand, no one should be surprised that Americans chafe at constraints on their ability to take advantage of US military hegemony.
4950- The world would stand up and cheer if the US called upon the October donor meeting to address truly life-and-death issues like the battle against AIDS and hunger.
4951- South Korea has done better than North Korea, and Burma's path is hardly one that leads to prosperity.
4952- Negotiations therefore must begin on October 3.  
4953- Perhaps Bush did not personally recognize this, but Vice President Dick Cheney and a group of extremists concentrated in and around the Pentagon did.
4954- There is a deep and sad irony to the current depreciation of the dollar.
4955- Furthermore, Turkey is concerned about the possibility of civil war in Kurdistan between the two largest Kurdish factions.
4956- As for the South Koreans, they are counting on China to deal with the North Korean nuclear crisis.
4957- At the very least, a multilateral negotiation would provide an occasion to recognize the existence of the problem, reflect on how best to coordinate investments, and help move development assistance accordingly.
4958- More generally, the government may now review requests for weaponry from friendly governments on a case-by-case basis, according to whether the sale risks instigating or fueling international conflicts.
4959- Fears of a default abound.
4960- Of course, foreign investors like this IMF logic: government corporations are put at a distinct disadvantage: their ability to invest inhibited, these firms cannot compete to make acquisitions.
4961- Any globalization that is limited to the first three or four freedoms but omits the last one is partial and not sustainable.
4962- The political class becomes a kind of nomenklatura of leaders who prefer popularity to debate.
4963- Reform fatigue implies that Central and Eastern Europe needs a respite to catch its breath.
4964- Reports of severe adverse effects in adults are rare, while children and adolescents with depression seem much more vulnerable.
4965- But some of the simplest and most important precepts, formulated well before these micro-foundations were well established--such as the fact that temporary income tax cuts are unlikely to be effective, while temporary investment tax credits can be extremely powerful--are as valid today as ever.
4966- Iran's regime has only grown bolder since then.
4967- But the virus of nationalism has survived and multiplied.
4968- The religious Islamic component in Iraqi social life should not be underestimated. But it also should not be equated with the political Islamism that strives to capitalize on it.
4969- Two former Nigerian presidents, Generals Muhammadu Buhari and Ibrahim Babangida, publicly oppose Obasanjo's constitutional meddling, and several governors of Nigeria's Muslim-dominated northern states have made clear that they are determined to see Obasanjo off when his term expires in 2007.
4970- More than any other collective activity, it channels the search for identity and identification that dominates our age.
4971- Similarly, according to the prestigious Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS), in 2003 Chile's eighth graders ranked 39th out of 44 countries in mathematics; in science they did only slightly better, ranking 37th.
4972- Strictly speaking, they are right.
4973- Europeans are buying gemütliche Alpine ski chalets, glamorous condominiums with Mediterranean views in the South of Spain, and, increasingly, villas in picturesque sites in Turkey, Hungary, and Croatia.
4974- Erdogan's insistent opening to Europe may be the key to how this all turns out.
4975- Europe owes it to itself to be pluralist, aware of its cultural debt to the Greeks and Romans, the Arabs and the Jews, learning from its own experience the power of tolerance and the poverty and shame of closed, totalitarian ideologies.
4976- Moreover, the Christian Maronite and the Muslim Shiite upper and middle classes tend to have similar levels of social mobility.
4977- They must demand a voice in planning and implementing the reconstruction effort and, along with international donors, transparency and public auditing of where aid is spent.
4978- If, on the other hand, the European Parliament's members follow through on the logic of my case -- if my shunning becomes the basis for a consistent policy -- the EU will be on its way to creating a kind of morality police and launching a modern-day inquisition, one that crassly violates both freedom of religion and freedom of conscience.
4979- Bolivia's civil and political breakdown provides another vivid example of the poverty of US foreign policy.
4980- Children in Central America harvest crops sprayed with pesticides.
4981- This can be measured in public opinion polls, in newspaper editorials, congressional resolutions, summit declarations, and street demonstrations.
4982- According to Michel Barnier, France's Foreign Minister, "Neither today, nor tomorrow," will French troops be sent.
4983- Iraq and Japanese Isolation
4984- Were it not for the Stability and Growth Pact, a Keynesian spending-led program could provide the demand needed to reduce unemployment.
4985- The fact that the refugees' plight was compounded by their use as political pawns for half a century is a measure of the cynicism and immorality of Arab political leadership.
4986- He will most likely nominate himself during the 2008 presidential election campaign, even if the Kremlin nominates another successor, although naturally he will try to ensure that he is anointed.
4987- To its credit -- albeit under pressure from donor countries -- the Bengali authorities seem to sense that their country is drifting toward becoming a failed state and are making greater efforts to arrest Islamist killers, despite some of them being part of the ruling coalition.
4988- Nevertheless, we can still conclude from the Iraqi experience that while the development of democracy can be aided from outside, it cannot easily be imposed by force.
4989- So far, 16 countries have voluntarily acceded to the peer review process: Algeria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Kenya, Mali, Mauritius, Mozambique, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, South Africa, and Uganda have declared their readiness to submit to scrutiny by their peers in what now constitutes the African Peer Review (APR) Forum.
4990- The increased supply depresses cotton prices, hurting some 10 million farmers in sub-Saharan Africa alone.
4991- I do not think, however, that the world's main concern is to find ways to rob people of their identity and sovereignty.
4992- If you do not see humanity in your counterpart, you will not talk to him.
4993- The consensus alleged at the December press conference simply did not exist.
4994- This has helped cause the exchange rate to strengthen by nearly 10% over the last year against the currencies of Norway's main trading partners, making the tradeables sector even less competitive.
4995- NATO's presidents and prime ministers could simply cross the Baltic Sea from Riga for a half-day Afghanistan summit with the EU in Helsinki.
4996- But condemning thousands to death in order to be able to punish him is intolerable as well.
4997- That analysis both anticipated and explained the combination of rising inflation and rising unemployment of the 1970's that came to be known as "stagflation."
4998- But violence elsewhere in Europe, such as the London bombings of July and the brutal murder of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh on the streets of Amsterdam in November 2004, had already made Europe's failure to integrate its minorities painfully clear.
4999- As a result, many bacteria today produce human proteins.
5000- Although some Americans always like to boast about their superior work ethic, this disparity in working hours between the US and Europe has not always existed.
5001- But the world--and the US in particular--might also learn some lessons.
5002- Asia's current share of global GDP (about 38%) is still far from what it was in 1820, but both countries feel that they can -- and must -- participate in calling the global shots.
5003- But Morales' nationalization of Bolivia's oil and gas fields sent shock waves through the international community.
5004- First, while the US Federal Reserve continued hiking short-term interest rates, long-terms rates did not increase in tandem, which allowed housing prices to continue rising.
5005- It only backed down when the pro-government Liberal Party, which held a number of functional seats, broke ranks as a result of intense public pressure.
5006- Judging from their recent statements, the scenario that they are concocting is simple.
5007- Consider Africa's best governed countries - Ghana, Tanzania, Malawi, Gambia.
5008- In the early 21
5009- If there is an exception française , it is that for the past 30 years, the unemployment rate has never fallen below 8.5%.
5010- Churchill once wrote: "Never, never, never assume that any war will be smooth and easy."
5011- This approach would be five times cheaper than Kyoto and many more times cheaper than a Kyoto II.
5012- But the EU's Stability Pact, as commonly interpreted, requires either that tax rates be raised (always difficult, especially in a recession) or that expenditures be cut.
5013- · Address the question of political Islam. None of these tasks can be achieved without serious reflection about political Islam.
5014- Germany satisfied the criterion with ease during 1996-8, though by most measures the Deutschemark was 20% overvalued compared to the franc and other eurozone currencies.
5015- A newly elected Palestinian government should be treated, at least initially, with legitimacy.
5016- cover the streets like pellagra
5017- Almost a year after the election, a parliamentary committee of inquiry is still interviewing ``witnesses.''
5018- So, after five years, the Colombia Plan, a part of two simultaneous global wars -- against drugs and terrorism -- has produced only uncertain and scanty results.
5019- With various feints and strategies, Malaysia has effectively managed the tensions between a secular, modernizing agenda and the Islamic faith that the Malays profess.
5020- The second largest party - Greater Romania Party - is a half-fascist, xenophobic, anti-Semitic party, whose leader - a populist radical - received 22% of the vote in last year's elections.
5021- In the long run, governments should run balanced budgets, with surpluses in good years making up for deficits in bad years.
5022- But Latin America should also be on its guard.
5023- The problem is that we are technologically incapable of mapping 30,000 genotypes.
5024- The crux of the problem is that the draft Constitution would give the EU a new and much simpler method of taking majority votes in the Council of Ministers.
5025- By revising the country's National Defense Program Guideline (conventionally called an Outline) last December, Koizumi's government began the process of clarifying some of these debilitating ambiguities.
5026- Much of the explanation lies in the very heterogeneity of services and the greater difficulties that mutual recognition, or the "country-of-origin principle" -- essential in the integration of product markets -- implies for services.
5027- Besides, working in Beijing is itself a constant struggle of conscience and compromise.
5028- They are political partners.
5029- But whether anything can and will be done to belatedly help the victims is very much an open question.
5030- Discussing our priorities is crucial.
5031- Reformists were justly criticized for lacking unity and resolve, but in truth their greatest impediment was a lack of constitutional authority.
5032- Projects and programs identified in the short-term action plan are estimated to cost $7 billion.
5033- The fact is that the world economy is more open today than it has ever been, and will remain so even if the Doha talks collapse.
5034- Yet even in Japan, monetary policy could stimulate spending.
5035- The pace of urbanization is astonishing.
5036- Corruption is limited by the frequent alternation of power, since tyrants typically need many years to build up systems of mega-corruption, usually involving family and business associates.
5037- In this case, Ban needs to spend time in China's capital, making the case for the notion that governments have a responsibility to protect their citizens, and that when they fail to do so (as Sudan's government clearly is), they forfeit some of the advantages that normally are associated with sovereignty.
5038- Similarly, Venezuela's President Hugo Chávez has broadcast his intention to purchase Russian Mig fighter jets and Brazilian low-flying surveillance aircraft, and to expand military expenditures.
5039- But in protecting his position, Arafat also blocked the appointment of a successor in his lifetime.
5040- However, unlike the US and Britain in the past, China today must turn to overseas bases rather than colonization to enhance its "sea power" -- hence its "string of pearls."
5041- Even the armed bandits who waylay relief supplies -- making necessary a guard of soldiers with automatic weapons, standing every few hundred yards -- cannot destroy this moment.
5042- It seemed the urge to collaborate actually ran ahead of the party's demands.
5043- Everyone nowadays seems obsessed about the question as to whether or not Islam can be reconciled with modernization.
5044- The sad likelihood is that, given the power of the obstructionists under Naif, a decisive and energetic king is unlikely to emerge.
5045- This would obviously pose a much more serious threat, but even an amorphous, disorganized, and nihilistic insurgency can survive and block stability, democratization, and prosperity for many years.
5046- Now we are ready to conclude negotiations with the first new Member States.
5047- Finally, I assumed that all policy decisions were made on the basis of a simple majority vote.
5048- We have to fight it decisively right now, or else we'll never be able to stamp it out."
5049- There is no way around a strategy of engagement and containment with regard to North Korea or the crisis will escalate.
5050- This version of the welfare state has proved devastating for Europe's employment and economic growth.
5051- It damages the trust needed for stronger trade relations.
5052- Likewise, shipments of toilet paper are amazingly accurate indicators of military activity.
5053- Yet making the right investment decisions is essential to growth, because they determine the pattern of specialization.
5054- As a result, the spread of the Colombia Plan, despite its meager and ambivalent results, has remained obscured.
5055- Major General Wang Zaixi, Deputy Director of China's Taiwan Affairs Office, warned of the use of force if Taiwanese authorities "collude with separatist forces to openly engage in pro-independence activities and challenge the mainland and the one-China principle."
5056- The counterargument hinges on the difference between the current-account deficit and the trade deficit. The current-account deficit is equal to the trade deficit plus the cost of servicing the net international asset position: the net rent, interest, and dividends owed to foreigners who have invested their capital in the US.
5057- In addition to capricious laws such as those criminalizing Internet telephony, many poor countries strictly control the number of Internet Service Providers (ISPs) that can operate.
5058- Nobody ever doubted that Ukraine had changed vastly in its twelve years of independence.
5059- If rich countries -- in particular, the United States, the 25 members of the EU, and Japan -- really want to help poor people, they will open their markets to what poor countries produce, especially textiles, apparel, agricultural products, and commodities.
5060- In the words of Anne Krueger, the Deputy Managing Director of the IMF, "Poor people are desperate to improve their material conditions…rather than to march up the income distribution [ladder]."
5061- The last landmark in the Franco-German partnership was the Treaty of Maastricht, concluded in 1991.
5062- Either way, unless decisive measures are taken within weeks or at most months, Afghanistan will be on its way to yet another round of bloody conflict.
5063- I realized that I would have to fight to communicate what I wanted to achieve.
5064- But the feeling is very intense if another person or a robot applies the stimulation.
5065- The fall of the Berlin Wall confirmed the Pope in his mission to reunify and spiritually regenerate Christian Europe.
5066- Milosevic's regime left behind crippled institutions, with large sections of the police and judiciary and many state-owned companies remaining under the control of Milosevic's clique.
5067- This experience prompted his writing the Duino Elegies .
5068- The many other Africans who lament their nations' flagging democratic transitions would do well to draw strength from Kenya's milestone.
5069- The first advantage is that you're not burdened with Ariel Sharon's negative image among Palestinians and Arabs.
5070- By 2003, advanced manufactures accounted for a mere 8% of the total, with resource and intermediate products accounting for the rest.
5071- Insurance companies have not penetrated many of the regions that suffered the greatest losses.
5072- We need to ensure sustained levels of public spending to make the necessary investments in infrastructure and human capital, and to increase ODA channeled through the budgets of poor countries.
5073- Such a change cannot happen unless scientists themselves first take the time to consider the consequences of their own behavior toward each other.
5074- Can China really do without democracy?
5075- First, American inventories have fallen to very low levels.
5076- Learning needs to go both ways.
5077- This suggests that the trajectory of we "moderns" in our transformations since the end of the Ice Age has varied enormously in material culture.
5078- Chile used these measures efficiently and effectively during the first part of the 1990s.
5079- In other words, the boundaries of religious autonomy and cooperation with churches are matters that should primarily be framed in law by the EU's members.
5080- Many interpreted Europe's internal division over the war in Iraq, with ordinary citizens overwhelmingly opposed to military intervention, as a sign of the Union's weakness.
5081- Who will build or re-build hospitals?
5082- Not even the pathetic remnant of the Khmer Rouge celebrates Pol Pot's memory.
5083- In addition to becoming more active in world diplomacy, Yudhoyono will meet Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow this month to discuss buying Russia's newest fighter jets.
5084- There is a point in all these cases that cannot be overlooked. Each political leader espoused ideas, policies, or principles that were far ahead of their peoples.
5085- No warning was issued.
5086- López Obrador surrounded himself with former high-level officials of the Echeverría (1970-1976), López Portillo (1976-1982), De la Madrid (1982-1988), and Salinas de Gortari administrations.
5087- Of course, Kuwait will now experience enormous tensions between the transparent rule of a true parliamentary government and the still powerful legacy of a hidden family-run state.
5088- The best word to describe the referendums that have taken place so far is apathy.
5089- What, then, of the future?
5090- Will We Save the International Financial System?
5091- What motivates people to write poems, paint, or sing?
5092- Unfortunately, like "applying pressure," the Geneva conventions were never defined.
5093- Those principles must then be implemented effectively.
5094- So it is Ankara -- and not the EU! -- that has a legitimate point here.
5095- Today, many Americans, especially the young, feel far more respect for the countries that recognized the lack of evidence of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction than for those whose leaders repeated the American distortions.
5096- But unlike Chavez, who leads one of the world's top oil producers, the need to stabilize an economy closely monitored by international financial markets forced Gutierrez to abandon campaign promises that helped secure his victory.
5097- European foreign policy must provide a counterweight to that of the hyperpower across the Atlantic.
5098- The mistake, however, is to assume that open societies are more permissive and vulnerable to terrorism than those who live under authoritarian regimes.
5099- He worked on a range of problems, typically the major international and national economic issues of the day, drawing on his knowledge of economic history to illuminate the present.
5100- Private investor/business confidence might then fall from the prospect of inflation and with that consumption.
5101- The second Arab Human Development Report , issued in 2003, underscores the close relationship between the Arab world's educational shortcomings and its lack of democracy.
5102- At the same time, this court is the latest manifestation of an enduring worldwide movement -- which extends back to Nuremberg -- to end impunity for mass atrocities.
5103- If this provision is adopted, Sinn concludes, there will soon be "twenty Mezzogiornos in Europe."
5104- So, what is new about today's anti-Semitism, asks George Fletcher?
5105- The "representatives" of the peasants are the new landlords.
5106- This requires the immediate establishment of a judicial body, whose legitimacy would be based on the same multilateral process that was sought prior to the war.
5107- While both are developing countries -- many of whose people remain impoverished -- they also boast impressive capabilities in information age technologies both for civilian and military purposes.
5108- The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamo—without charge and without trial—is a basic abrogation of this right.
5109- The past two generations have witnessed the rise of independent central banks whose monetary policy, largely insulated from partisan politics, aims for the maximum possible employment and purchasing power consistent with price stability.
5110- The world's first wave of economic globalization, led by the British Empire in the nineteenth century, came to an end literally with a bang on a Sunday afternoon in 1914, when Gavrilo Princip killed (with two uncannily well-aimed bullets) Austria's Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife.
5111- Abdullah's power base is in the National Guard, and his claim on the support of Saudi Arabia's modernizing forces.
5112- Possibly.
5113- But it was also meant to convey that Germany had grown up into a proper international power.
5114- Yet defeats do not force new attitudes, policies, or leaders. The pragmatic "lesson" remains unlearned because those who take this view perceive a different lesson.
5115- In fact, after inspections were suspended in 1998, Iraq worked tirelessly to build an impenetrable wall around the people responsible for its weapons programs.
5116- The European poor view inequality as an insurmountable social obstacle.
5117- It noted that people increasingly adopted informal means of expressing unhappiness with Hong Kong's government, because they did not think that formal channels were sufficient.
5118- Both probably consist of feelings that a community can only be its true self when it can be so without hindrance -- in essence, when a community can decide its own fate.
5119- Muslim rulers have mostly failed to satisfy the needs of their populations.
5120- Indeed, this is precisely what happened with the Russians: the most qualified have already gone to the US. Europe has been unable to attract much more than a few disreputable oligarchs, who migrated to the French Riviera, and a handful of lively street singers.
5121- But the Balakotis are taking it in their stride -- nose masks are everywhere.
5122- With Latin America's two largest economies in a holding pattern on reform, it is that much more difficult for even the region's high flyers, such as Chile, to achieve escape velocity into a sustained high growth orbit.
5123- In dropping that half of Wilson's approach, they stepped on their own message, reducing its effectiveness.
5124- Not only in the countries concerned, but most importantly in the Muslim states that emerged after the Soviet Union's collapse.
5125- For example, if 80% of the men are still alive ten years after issuance, the bonds will pay out £40 million.
5126- In the most celebrated American case of the twentieth century, Brown v. Board of Education, the Justices were probably influenced by a government brief explaining how racial segregation in the southern United States undermined American efforts to compete with the Soviet Union for the hearts and minds of people in developing countries.
5127- Moreover, transnational connections in the information industry are close, as Western high-tech companies increasingly employ affiliates in Bangalore and Shanghai to provide real-time services.
5128- But none of these measures will frighten extremists in the Northern Caucasus or their al Qaeda allies.
5129- But it is doubly dangerous when it poses a risk of region-wide destabilization and a scramble for influence among the world's greatest military powers -- the United States, Russia, and China.
5130- Twenty-five years ago, China had a more egalitarian society than Sweden; today there is vast inequality between city and countryside, between the western provinces and those bordering the Pacific ocean, and within cities, which attract a constant flow of former peasants looking for jobs.
5131- The reason for this reversal is obvious: if the US puts the Geneva Convention in doubt, American soldiers, if taken prisoner, could lose their protections.
5132- As one Confucian classic put it: Possessing virtue will give the ruler the people.
5133- But reducing employment protection scares every worker in the private sector.
5134- Hearing Voices
5135- The WHO Commission discovered some shocking things.
5136- In the short run, rapid productivity growth poses dilemmas for macroeconomic management, because what would otherwise be seen as reasonably strong demand growth is proving to be insufficient to keep unemployment low.
5137- And, like past insurgencies, the Iraq conflict is one in which the insurgents use horrific acts to intimidate the public, expose the shortcomings of the government, and goad the regime into overreactions that might turn the public against it.
5138- Now that the war in Afghanistan may wind down soon, there is a fear that President Megawati Sukarnoputri will do little to change her do-nothing ways.
5139- In practical terms, how should it be built?
5140- Recall that the OPEC oil shocks of the 1970's incited two world recessions.
5141- EU member states reacted strongly when Lukashenka tried to sack the rector of the prestigious European Humanities University, and this, along with other developments, weakened his position.
5142- It was during this era -- roughly from 1948 to 1973 -- that sociologists found that a majority of Americans had come to define themselves not as working class, but as middle class.
5143- But this implies a redefinition of treatment itself.
5144- In still other areas, the Commission's report argues for more "balanced" perspectives.
5145- Bush not only chose to visit Brussels, the capital of the European Union, on his February trip to Europe, but stated that what "we seek to achieve in the world requires that America and Europe remain close partners."
5146- When evaluated as an anti-narcotics strategy, the Colombia Plan's failure is self-evident.
5147- A look at the eight postcommunist countries just admitted to the European Union is instructive.
5148- In April and May 2003, polls showed a majority of Iraqis welcoming the overthrow of Saddam Hussein.
5149- · The Mezzogiorno .
5150- The African Economic Outlook estimates that Africa's GDP growth in 2003 stood at 3.6%, significantly higher than the 2.8% recorded in 2002.
5151- In order to look forward with confidence, you also have to look back -- and understand what went wrong.
5152- Perhaps the hardest worry to pin down is what Harvard political theorist Michael Sandel calls "the drive to mastery."
5153- Beyond these limits, however, the fires of the Industrial Revolution barely smoldered, if they burned at all.
5154- These numbers are large but such falls are in everyday discussion.
5155- But making it difficult for firms to lay off workers provides only an illusory benefit for workers, for it compromises companies' ability to compete, and weakens their incentive to create jobs.
5156- The movements of these men were sexually suggestive, and at times they touched, even held hands.
5157- Moreover, Saddam may already possess a weapon of mass destruction but has been deterred from using it.
5158- The only way in which civilians could ever lose the right of self‑defense would be if they, as individuals, were engaged in actions threatening imminent harm to others.
5159- Such inducements are not hard to find: greater access to Europe's common market, more favorable visa regimes, job and immigration opportunities, access to capital, cultural contacts, and technical assistance.
5160- The 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) between Mexico, the US, and Canada helped Mexico's economy recover quickly from the 1994-95 peso crisis.
5161- But this is only half right.
5162- Opinion polls indicate a good deal of support among the American public for the UN. But there is also intense distrust of the UN among segments of the public and with certain elites.
5163- The US and Europe not only tried to impose their trade agenda on developing countries; they also continued to insist on their right to subsidize agriculture and raised new demands that would have made lives in developing countries even worse.
5164- This year, the US will spend around $450 billion for the military, including the costs of the Iraq War, while it will spend no more than $15 billion to overcome global poverty, global environmental degradation, and global diseases.
5165- Of course, countries that embrace the use of sanctions do not intend this, but that does not lessen their responsibility for the outcome.
5166- The French president spoke of "infantilism" on the part of the candidate countries and said that they should have consulted first with the EU or else remained silent.
5167- Countries with more successful markets are more likely to have complete data on both prices and dividends for a hundred years.
5168- Greater awareness of their shared problems should bring greater activism toward developing programs that meet the needs of youth.
5169- True, the US is not the worst offender in the world when it comes to farm protectionism; the European Union's trade distortions are significantly more pervasive.
5170- It shows that current conditions are good, but that expectations about future conditions have dropped off significantly.
5171- The Electoral Court, however, decided otherwise.
5172- The most important differences appear to be in the physical and human assets of the poor.
5173- The US and Europe are united this time, and can effectively cut off Iran from world banking, bar Iranian leaders from traveling to the West, and stop exports to Iran of everything but food and medicine.
5174- On the contrary, the text legitimizes continuing attacks against Israeli civilians in the West Bank, making it unacceptable to Israel -- and to the international community.
5175- Sport, indeed, seems to be the best barometer of relations between the divided Korean people.
5176- The resulting vulnerability was highlighted by the Russian reduction of gas supplies to Ukraine in January, which resulted in reduced flows to central and western Europe.
5177- With developing countries getting richer over the century, malaria is similarly likely to decrease rather than increase.
5178- But, with China's military build-up causing nervousness everywhere, many governments in the region are starting to work with outside powers.
5179- In 1975 he accepted an offer from the MIT Department of Economics, where he taught until his death.
5180- Moreover, football, more than long speeches or international resolutions, can help induce progress towards peaceful solutions for military conflicts.
5181- Uribe's carrot and stick policy to the guerrillas combined "democratic security" under the rule of law and respect for human rights with the popular slogan "Long live Colombia and travel through her."
5182- Divisions in the kingdom are sharper than ever, and the King's death might deepen them further. Two rival camps - the so-called reformers and the hard liners - are forming in the Al Saud, the world's largest ruling family, with 22,000 princes and princesses.
5183- Subsequent investigation revealed that the structure, the longest of its kind, simply pushed the limits of railroad-bridge engineering too far.
5184- Putin has spoken continuously about the need for the rule of law, but in his TV statement on October 27, he effectively stated his preference for law enforcers.
5185- China, humiliated by Kim Jong Il, will for the first time have to assume leadership in the region and resolve, or at least contain, the crisis.
5186- Examples like this abound in Latin America, but it is a mistake for Castro to think that Latin America is the competition.
5187- But such risks are far less important for countries with sound economic management and low levels of indebtedness.
5188- If the US lived up to its pledge of 0.7% of GNP in donor aid, it would be giving $75 billion per year. Instead, it gives around $15 billion.
5189- The promises of the United Nations Millennium Summit, signed by all the world's leaders, included halving extreme poverty, halting the spread of HIV/AIDS, and providing primary education for all children by 2015.
5190- On the other hand, because it required significant and expensive short-run cuts in emissions by industrial countries, it threatened to impose large immediate costs on the American, European, and Japanese economies.
5191- A longstanding sidekick of Cheney, Rumsfeld traveled to Baghdad in 1983 and 1984 at the behest of former Bechtel Corporation President George Shultz, then passing a bit of non-corporate time as US Secretary of State.
5192- In Europe, black Saturday falls in the last weekend of July, when the French and other Europeans set off in droves for their Mediterranean holiday destinations, and highways get jammed with traffic.
5193- If necessary, it must use its influence even more assertively to bring Pyongyang back to the negotiating table.
5194- Banning someone from shouting "Fire!" in a crowded theater is not the same, however, as convicting him for holding and propagating an opinion, even a despicable one, such as anti-Semitism.
5195- Americans, sadly, are now victims who have turned into perpetrators.
5196- For the first time in history, terrorism gives insurgents the ability to strike directly at their enemies' external allies.
5197- On the Republican side, hacks, spin masters, and many people who ought to have known better suddenly developed an extraordinary appreciation for something called the "CPS Household Survey of Employment" as a supposed guide to month-to-month changes in the labor market.
5198- I doubt, however, that celebrities like Miss Bardot will ever recognize the absurdity of their misplaced priorities -- to come to a country where millions live in despair and dire conditions, and show concern for only the wild dogs.
5199- Moreover, given the vast inequalities of power and wealth in Latin America, and with a large part of the population bereft of land and education, the region has long been vulnerable to populist politics and rebellions, with leaders promising quick gains for the dispossessed by seizing property from the elites.
5200- Little wonder, then that these countries accept the imperative of a dynamic, open, growth-oriented, and job-creating global environment.
5201- During the Cold War, the United States not only pursued far-sighted policies like the Marshall Plan, but also represented freedom and democracy.
5202- Baghdad's long suffering population, with its majority of alienated Shi'ites and a million disaffected Kurds, is unlikely to remain unmoved by the imminent arrival of US and British troops.
5203- State-owned, said Brussels?
5204- I agree with this goal, and have devoted the last fifteen years of my life and several billion dollars of my fortune to attaining it.
5205- But we cannot rely on them when so many worldly people see nothing wrong with revolving doors.
5206- One million people may have died in the North Korean famine of 1995 to 1997.
5207- Unfortunately the disarray within the EU is part of a broader global turmoil.
5208- While the US tries to achieve this through hard power, regime change, sanctions, and threats of pre-emptive military intervention, Europe uses soft power, diplomacy, inclusion, and partnership.
5209- So, reform the international patent system to guarantee the poor access to essential medicines, but don't kill the goose that lays the golden egg by undermining the patent system.
5210- Both governments must now become seriously and fully engaged in what must now be a united Western effort.
5211- More fundamentally, creating the regulatory institutions conducive to ownership separation may be impossible unless a society's political orientation towards labor and capital is more favorable to capital.
5212- In fact, there are two problems with all this talk and little or no real action on structural reforms.
5213- As the US Defense Department's ``Annual Report on the Military Power of the People's Republic of China'' recently put it, ``The primary driving force for China's military modernization is Beijing's perceived need to prepare credible military options in any potential conflict in the Taiwan Strait.''
5214- But there can be no lender of last resort without a modicum of moral hazard.
5215- Mario Monti, the successful Commissioner for Competition, happened to be Italian, but nobody ever accused him of pursuing an "Italian agenda."
5216- From Shock Therapy to Sleep Therapy
5217- Yet wages are vastly different and hence we expect lower retail prices in poorer cities and countries than in richer ones.
5218- And, with demand high and housing supply fixed -- at least in the short run -- prices go up.
5219- "Such is their extreme desire to return to their homes," Machiavelli wrote, apropos of Ahmad Chalabi and the Iraqi National Congress, "that they naturally believe many things that are not true, and add many others on purpose; so that, with what they really believe and what they say they believe, they fill you with hopes..."
5220- For the US, the dollar's fall means a boost to exports, and a further increase in demand, a further push for recovery.
5221- It is illogical to continue subsidizing a compulsory exit from the labor force while simultaneously trying to safeguard public retirement systems in the face of tremendous demographic challenges.
5222- The captain, struck with revulsion, grabbed her, dragged her up to the deck of the ship, and threw her overboard.
5223- While China may be a ravenous importer of Latin American commodities, it is also a formidable competitor.
5224- But high productivity is not the only element of high performance.
5225- When a senior defense expert recently testified before a US Congressional commission on China's military capability, he detailed the extraordinarily robust weapons program the People's Liberation Army (PLA) has been pursuing.
5226- Why does Africa remain poor?
5227- It continues to be a movement with a revolutionary faction -- not a majority, but certainly a large minority -- bent on insurrection, socialism, and "anti-imperialist" alignment with Cuba and Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez.
5228- Immediately after 9/11, there was a spontaneous outpouring of sympathy for America worldwide.
5229- A hundred times?
5230- Many NGO's claim to act as a "global conscience," representing broad public interests beyond the purview of individual states.
5231- While most of the Court's analysis focused on domestic considerations, the Justices also invoked a legal brief filed by the European Union that described the overwhelming disapproval of the practice in the world community.
5232- Contrary to territorial withdrawal, cessation of violence can be achieved only bilaterally.
5233- Sinn argues that German sluggishness is largely the result of government-induced bad incentives--a problem that goes far beyond Germany's notoriously rigid labor market--and that, so far, Schröder's reforms do not go far enough to eliminate them.
5234- But there is far less brain activity when the person being scanned strokes her own palm.
5235- Normally, when we interact with others we see them as both body and soul.
5236- Uprooting corruption may leave a state without subjects. But if we don't stop the march of corruption, the subjects will soon be left without a state.
5237- To realize any of these scenarios, the world need do nothing but wait and watch the present status quo rot and sink into chaos.
5238- But now its concern is more closely tied to regional politics than to the Kurdish issue.
5239- Indeed, the world seems to be entering an age in which the basic principles of finance will be integrated into the world capitalist economy, and our lives, in a more thoroughgoing way than ever before.
5240- From then on, there was really only one question on peoples' minds, and it was the third -- the worst -- of the three questions he had mentioned to Ashdown: "When is he going?"
5241- The history of the late 19th and 20th centuries teaches us that there is something uniquely dangerous to world peace and political sanity during the two generations in which cultures pass from a poor, rural, and agricultural economy to a rich, urban, and industrial (or post-industrial) way of life.
5242- So, before any operation, commanders must determine which troops can take part and in what capacity, hampering both efficiency and effectiveness.
5243- Confucianism was essentially a philosophical justification of government by benevolent bureaucracy under a virtuous ruler.
5244- There may be little cause for immediate worry.
5245- The celebrated pipeline between Chad and Cameroon caused water pollution, devastated pygmies' hunting grounds, destroyed harvests, and spread AIDS - perhaps the inevitable result of ill-educated migrant workers toiling thousands of miles from home, with a horde of prostitutes following them.
5246- The British and Chinese governments in the 1980's designed Hong Kong's awkward political system during their negotiations over the eventual transfer of sovereignty. Its purpose was to ensure that the will of the public could not be fully expressed through the ballot box.
5247- Economic borders cannot and will not disappear until Russia and Ukraine agree on their territorial borders.
5248- Kenneth Rogoff, the IMF's chief economist, speaks for the defense.
5249- Today we live in a democratic society, but many people - not only in the Czech Republic - still believe that they are not true masters of their destiny.
5250- They must learn that critical thought is valuable, and that doubt is healthy.
5251- The PA had an opportunity to lay the institutional foundations for a functioning state.
5252- But that pledges requires complete, transparent cooperation with the IAEA.
5253- India is clearly willing to join hands with the United States in the use of force against the perpetrators of terrorist acts.
5254- Despite the seeming power of Germanys postwar Chancellors, the countrys political system can only be administered; governance in the sense of addressing fundamental problems by enacting far-reaching reforms is usually impossible.
5255- EU enlargement, with the prospect of increased cross-national redistribution, thus exposes particularly thorny issues of European solidarity.
5256- As a result, the US and others following its example are becoming rich countries with poor people.
5257- However, abnormal prion protein was detected in the recipient's lymphoid tissues, indicating transmission of infection from an asymptomatic individual.
5258- According to one recent calculation, 17 of the biggest 100 companies in Germany are in family hands, 26 in France, and 43 in Italy.
5259- Instead, it maintains a "neutral" stance.
5260- All freedoms can be abused by liberty's enemies, but in the case of speech, the risk posed by restricting freedom is surely greater.
5261- To be funny in politics and to preserve democracy is no easy task.
5262- Many fathers, sons, and husbands are dead, and so are many mothers, wives, and daughters.
5263- If all candidate countries join the EU at around the same time, they will together account for a mere 6% of its total GDP.
5264- Many in the media may not comprehend that yet. But markets do.
5265- Some may cooperate; others do not.
5266- In addition, the economy is in ruins.
5267- But the Islamists' call for nationwide protests flopped.
5268- Throughout American history, threats to national security, whether real or imagined, have led to clampdowns on the rights of citizens and, to a far greater extent, on the rights of immigrants and others suspected of acting in the interests of alien forces.
5269- Wherever the answers are affirmative, an integrated package of organisational changes should be considered.
5270- The test is suicide bombing.
5271- The unified Indonesia of the past 40 years or so is finished.
5272- This proved possible not only in the US, but also in other advanced economies outside Europe -- Australia, Canada, and New Zealand -- and, unsurprisingly, in the new EU member states.
5273- Developing countries that neighbor rich markets, such as Mexico, tend to outperform countries far away from major markets.
5274- America fought most of its wars against Communism through proxies.
5275- Moreover, if the US acts alone, no doubt the post-conflict costs that America will bear alone will be higher as well.
5276- Global warming will mainly harm developing countries, because they are poorer and therefore more vulnerable to the effects of climate change.
5277- Maintaining the false label of communism while reviving capitalism and insisting that Mao, for all his mistakes and crimes, was 70% "correct" is the bedrock of the moral corruption that afflicts China today.
5278- Russia's Waning Clash with Islam
5279- Confronted suddenly with many options every day, one starts to feel a headache, and sometimes unconsciously wants to return to prison.
5280- "It is snowing butterflies that have escaped from a prophet's head."
5281- Asked if university education was more important for boys than girls, 78% of Kurds disagreed.
5282- It is unemployment and economic insecurity that breed xenophobia and support for extreme rightist movements across the continent.
5283- Instead of confronting today's new and very real enemy, they would rather confront the old, traditional one - the West.
5284- Concerning the pre-referendum phase, the National Assembly largely succeeded in this task.
5285- Bureaucratization, anonymous manipulation, and emphasis on mass conformism were brought to "perfection" in the Communist system; however, some of the very same threats are with us today.
5286- The Iraq War proved costly to American soft power, with the US losing about 30 percentage points of attractiveness on average in Europe, including in countries like Britain, Spain, and Italy, whose governments supported the war.
5287- The large coalition now fighting terrorism is one way to demonstrate this.
5288- Governments were inept. The kinds of people who staffed governments were the kinds of people who liked ordering others around.
5289- The question is not whether China rises to great-power status peacefully, but whether it intends to remain peaceful when it gets there.
5290- The United States, with a government that can hardly be described as weak, bungled the war in Iraq and the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
5291- After all, women professionals do not have to choose between a career and children, but can enjoy both.
5292- Yet it is vital that the UN not simply lurch from one hotspot to the next.
5293- Is religion necessary for morality?
5294- Americans buy more foreign-made refrigerators, cars, clothing, computers -- you name it -- than anyone else.
5295- Japanese porn features schoolgirls, often bound.
5296- A moral relativism has spread, leading many to accept the taboos of all religious groups in the name of tolerance and multiculturalism.
5297- But the very purpose of using model organisms is to confirm what we find in the real thing.
5298- But our chances of ensuring a more sustainable world would be higher if we had not allowed ourselves to be blinded for the past decade by the combination of the public-relations stunt known as the Kyoto Treaty and the idiocy-as-usual known as the Bush administration.
5299- Today, both "conservative democrats" and liberals advocate passing all the reforms needed to gain accession to the EU, while opponents include extreme nationalists, of both left and right, as well as some elements of the "secular" establishment.
5300- After all, forty cents out of every euro of GDP is a lot to fight about.
5301- So, across Europe, a key question is this: what is the future of the European "social market" model?
5302- In fact, while Bolivians demand the right to the many benefits of democracy, we fail to take seriously any obligation to contribute to the public good.
5303- The tendency to fight the last war, sadly, is true for economic policymakers as well as generals.
5304- The wanton cruelty there is all too clearly symptomatic of a systemic failure.
5305- But Burma's regime actually perpetuates conditions that sustain and worsen the HIV/AIDS epidemic by restricting access to counseling, medication, and other support services.
5306- Some may, but it seems that the majority simply do not recall or consider the lessons of recent history.
5307- Hamas must recognize Israel's right to exist, stop all terrorist activities, and commit itself to carry out all previous international agreements signed by the Palestinian Authority.
5308- All of which brings us back to Darfur.
5309- If deadlock and confusion were the only results, such political impasses might be tolerable.
5310- Some people in Russia--traditional leftists and corrupt bureaucrats afraid of a more open system--indulge in anti-American rhetoric.
5311- Like a happy and secure childhood, Confucian civilization bestowed upon its practitioners the self-confidence to meet the challenge of the West.
5312- Perhaps a time bomb has been planted under the thrones of Arab potentates - kings, emirs and presidents.
5313- Political parties have had a bad press in recent years, and there are good reasons for this.
5314- This month, in short, has been a fitting prelude to the happy occasion on December 13
5315- The big bang approach gives workers a stake in liberalization and thus makes deregulation politically easier to pursue.
5316- The IMF Is Not the Problem
5317- 7.1
5318- International inequalities, while large three decades ago, have worsened ever since.
5319- Two other candidates stand out. Emeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu is an Oxford-trained historian and retired army officer who led the Biafran secessionist attempt in 1967, which plunged the country into civil war.
5320- Several of the world's countries seem determined to maintain large trade surpluses.
5321- After all, the UN Charter provides that "the Secretary-General shall be appointed by the General Assembly upon the recommendation of the Security Council." The original concept was that the two bodies would reach a consensus on a candidate.
5322- The constitutional debate in the next several months should focus on these major questions: why and how Europe's peoples want to live together.
5323- There are at least three options:
5324- Worse, if the legacy of illegitimate privatizations is not addressed, the economic oligarchy will likely be transformed into a political one as well.
5325- The situation of the 7-9 million Roma living on the continent deserves the urgent attention of government leaders as they shape the policies of an enlarged EU.
5326- Much of its wealth reflects the increased value of energy, not productive economic activity.
5327- But wartime victory makes cowards of leaders who backed the wrong side.
5328- They do not issue legislation and they rarely even propose any.
5329- Wolfgang Munchau of The Financial Times thinks French rejection of the EU constitution could sink the euro.
5330- Second, perhaps the inflow of capital into America was and remains justified: perhaps there is something uniquely valuable about investments in America today.
5331- Visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed her efforts with satisfaction.
5332- Some countries, such as the US, refuse to go further and regulate speech because of its content .
5333- There has been bi-partisan hypocrisy here: while America called for transparency in the emerging markets in the aftermath of the East Asia crisis, both Larry Summers (President Clinton's last Treasury Secretary) and Mr. O'Neill joined in efforts to protect off-shore banking centers and hedge funds.
5334- But today this is happening.
5335- Its implicit mission is to discourage Iran from venturing across the Shatt river border, contested territory and scene of the most intense fighting of the eight-year Iran-Iraq war.
5336- The hallmark reforms associated with the Korean miracle - devaluation and a hike in interest rates - came in 1964 and fell far short of full liberalization of currency and financial markets.
5337- Make him breakfast.
5338- Missile tests aside, China has been trying to cajole America into stopping arms sales to Taiwan.
5339- Expecting a more substantive breakthrough on Kashmir is a pipe dream.
5340- To be sure, the US remains Asia's power broker, as it has been since the end of WWII.
5341- That it why it will continue to haunt us, continue to disturb normal relations between the countries in this region with so much unused potential, as long as we do not deal with it in a forthright manner.
5342- That discipline matters because governing Brazil has always been about building coalitions.
5343- Of course, there is a prominent example of just that: Kofi Annan, under whose stewardship the UN has undergone a remarkable improvement.
5344- But Azerbaijan's dynastic politics are hardly exceptional.
5345- They will nevertheless have to submit to the democratic decisions of their government.
5346- These countries, like Norway, were winners in the natural resource lottery. But that is no guarantee that they will remain rich after the payments stop.
5347- His support for international crisis missions in Kosovo, Bosnia, or Afghanistan required considerable political courage and made Germany one of the major contributors to international stability efforts.
5348- Finally, there is acceptance of diversity, for "when the soul of a nation finally speaks, the institutions that arise may reflect customs and traditions very different from our own.
5349- If, on the other hand, IMF credit is obtained on reasonable terms, it will make a positive contribution.
5350- Indeed, much of Colombia's national territory is now dominated by one of three insurgent groups.
5351- This will change, however, once the economic pick-up is confirmed.
5352- Where are they now?
5353- During these 150 years, Europeans emigrated en masse to Latin America, driving its population up by 50 million, to North America, which saw an increase of 75 million, and to Oceania, where the population rose by 11 million.
5354- The mirror that is the US shows that the returns from taking advantage of the economic changes made possible by the IT revolution are very high.
5355- The most obvious piece of advice is that America's financial system should follow more faithfully the advice its advocates dispensed to others.
5356- But the auditing firms and their corporate clients - not surprisingly, given the cabal that developed - roundly attacked his proposal for separating consulting from auditing.
5357- Between 2000 and 2005, Washington paid out nearly $4 billion to Colombia, with approximately 75% of the total going to the military and the police, and increased its presence in the country with 800 soldiers and 600 private security contractors.
5358- While potential coalitions to check American power may be created, it is unlikely that they will become firm alliances unless the US handles its hard coercive power in an overbearing unilateral manner that undermines its "soft" or attractive power.
5359- Indeed, killing violent Islamists and al-Qaeda affiliates is applauded by the international community, especially the United States, as success in the "war on terrorism."
5360- The proper, efficient use of the expected influx of international funds demands a powerful political commitment from government at the highest level.
5361- A crucial experiment is now underway in Malawi and other places that may help to expand farm output so that other poor farmers need not surrender their children for adoption.
5362- Russia instead jumped into democracy, and only then worried about replacing socialism with a market system.
5363- At these rates, Brazil is heading for bankruptcy.
5364- At least two of the reasons for high -- and rising -- home prices in the United States are well understood.
5365- The feral dogs of Bucharest are a tawdry legacy of communism, like the many half-built and abandoned blocs of flats dotted across the city and throughout the country.
5366- They require massive transitional expenditure as they are introduced.
5367- Indeed, Putin openly claims this part of Ukraine as a Russian "internal matter."
5368- Crown Prince Abdullah is far more disposed to reform than Prince Naif, the powerful Interior Minister, who clings to the old narrow system of repression.
5369- A liquid, cash-settled futures market that is based on an index of home prices in a city would enable a homeowner living there to sell in a futures market to protect himself.
5370- Second, Africa suffers from disease unlike any other part of the world.
5371- But that is part of the market adjustment process the US trumpets so loudly at other times.
5372- Some in the Syrian government could be aware of this.
5373- A sustainable economic growth rate that helps reduce poverty and inequality can be achieved only with a skilled and innovative labor force.
5374- But these fears and the atmosphere of suspicion must be overcome. Mutual trust must be reinforced.
5375- When Putin was dragged in to cover up the mess, an ordinary failure turned into a total fiasco.
5376- To understand the severity of these risks, let's work backwards from what is unlikely to happen.
5377- He said, "If you want to be accepted as equals by Gadje [non-Roma], you must be better educated than they are.
5378- Today, German governance resembles an 18
5379- At the same time, the big euro area members (France and Germany) do not have a leg to stand on to criticize other countries' fiscal policies, so there are virtually no international constraints on EU countries' budget deficits.
5380- Under what conditions can one reasonably hope to restart a multilateral agreement on investment?
5381- So long as unanimity remains, the more countries that take part in decisionmaking, the bigger the danger of a single veto blocking action.
5382- Those adaptations require a pro-active role for the state and civil society, and collaborative strategies that foster entrepreneurship and institution building.
5383- Aung San Suu Kyi's eloquent plea, "Please use your liberty to promote ours," has special resonance for us in AIPMC, who enjoy the benefits of representative democracy.
5384- There are inherent conflicts of interest: owners and managers have a natural incentive to present a picture as rosy as possible.
5385- That Mr. Khodorkovsky is spending months in jail before he is formally charged tells us much about the nature of business, politics, and law in the nations of the former Soviet Union.
5386- People who live longer while not being in employment want to enjoy their lives.
5387- Duration has risen markedly around the world.
5388- That would make a large-scale offensive by more than 45,000 soldiers a compelling necessity, justifying politically the hundreds of casualties it would have cost.
5389- Globalization, nuclear proliferation, scientific advances like cloning demand decisive policy reactions.
5390- But even that may be wishful thinking.
5391- One surprise is that there has been relatively little change in the ranking of countries by real per capita GDP since 2000.
5392- Certainly, the diversity of forms of governance used over the centuries by Russia, Poland, Lithuania, and Austria-Hungary when they ruled what is now Ukraine make creating a classic "nation state," with one dominant culture, difficult to imagine.
5393- With Pakistan's economy in a tailspin, and with the jihad culture of so many young Pakistanis undermining the country's international credibility, moderate voices are at long last breaking through.
5394- That is good for Russia.
5395- The episode greatly strengthened anti-Americanism in Europe.
5396- Today communal violence ravages his home state Gujarat.
5397- In reaching its decision, the Supreme Court took into account a legal brief submitted by 60 major American businesses, led by General Motors, asking that affirmative action be upheld.
5398- Second, banks are vulnerable to non-repayment.
5399- Don't Feed the Dragon
5400- As a European, I and people like me almost instinctively expect more from Russia.
5401- It is a society with a diversity of opinions, options, opportunities and interest groups.
5402- Unlike George W. Bush's administration, which remains cavalier in its disregard for the warning signs of climate danger both at home and globally, Hu Jintao's leadership has begun to evince a hopeful assertiveness, at least in domestic environmental policy.
5403- It will have joint decision-making authority in many more areas, including the budget.
5404- As the example of Saddam Hussein teaches us anew, to overturn a monument is easier than to try a dictator.
5405- But our point is different.
5406- Many people escape poverty while others fall into poverty, even when the overall poverty rate moves rather little.
5407- We, the authors of this article, as well as the organization we represent, the Socialist International, have always defended Israel's right to exist and defend itself.
5408- Politicians without policies have only politics.
5409- The fledgling bank earned enormous credibility, but also considerable enmity, by sticking to its anti-inflation mandate.
5410- People recognize this, but still find the gradual disappearance of peasants troubling.
5411- My Journey with Che
5412- On May 1, the EU formally admits ten new members, eight from central Europe.
5413- Indeed, in the Khodorkovsky affair, all procedural requirements have been blithely neglected.
5414- They cannot both be right.
5415- Most numerous were the tens of thousands of young Muslims who fought against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan, where they were trained in a wide range of techniques and many were recruited to organizations with an extreme view of the religious obligation of jihad .
5416- After all, advanced countries have been losing manufacturing jobs to less developed countries for more than fifty years.
5417- Nigeria must not let it be used as a tyrant's shield.
5418- This imagined order became reality when British census takers forced Indians to categorize themselves by caste.
5419- Moreover, others (Arab countries, Germany, and Japan) will not cover America's military costs, as in the 1991 Gulf War.
5420- Unwittingly, President Vladimir Putin has opted for an all-or-nothing victory over the oil oligarch.
5421- Afghanistan would fit; Iraq would not.
5422- There should be no doubt as to the answer to this question, except in the minds of politicians who fail to raise it because they refuse to think beyond the coming presidential election.
5423- This is not the case under proportional representation.
5424- Recent BOJ data reveal that it sought to increase the value of the euro relative to the yen in June and November 1999, and again in March 2000.
5425- Germany was destabilized by defeat in World War I, a harsh peace in 1919, hyperinflation in the 1920's, and the Great Depression of the 1930's, but was otherwise not uniquely barbarous.
5426- Unions should instead negotiate with management the same way top executives do with their boards of directors when their complex compensation packages are worked out.
5427- Even China, which has added more than 50,000 kilometers of roads and dozens of airports over the past five years, makes use of private financing.
5428- In agriculture and industry, price efficiency was achieved not by abolishing quotas and planned allocations, but by allowing producers to trade at market prices at the margin .
5429- What Hamas Wants
5430- Despite the fundamental soundness of the step, it was poorly prepared and implemented, and the government seriously miscalculated its effects on the national budget.
5431- As Stan Collender, a noted observer of the US federal budget, has commented, "No one with federal budget responsibilities actually seems to be interested in the budget."
5432- So politicians on the campaign trail promise the impossible: reforms that will produce instant prosperity at no cost to anyone.
5433- The advanced countries, with their dominant corporate and financial interests, had set the agenda for those negotiations.
5434- No feeling of victimhood can justify, under any conditions, such crimes against innocents, and no theology can accept the negation of the human essence that we all share.
5435- While 3,000 innocent people died in the US on September 11, 2001, in Africa 8,000 innocent children die every day from malaria.
5436- The False Promise of Stability
5437- As the pervasiveness and flexibility of the new medium weakens traditional media censorship, internet-enabled social activism plays an increasingly influential role in China's legal reform and the development of its nascent civil society.
5438- And since every economy is cyclical in nature, even some of China's most ardent boosters are left to wonder what resources the Party and government will have to draw on, should growth rates drop, even to a respectable 3-4%.
5439- It is in this context that we can see why Asian leaders appear two-faced or unreliable in the eyes of Europe and the US.
5440- When Chancellor Schröder travels to Moscow for the Red Square celebrations, he should bear in mind Nazi Germany's contribution to the Baltic tragedy.
5441- The university systems in the US and Continental Europe couldn't be more different.
5442- For example, a chart in the report shows that the World Bank's sample of ``more globalized'' countries had deeper tariff cuts than the ``less globalized'' countries.
5443- We could start, for example, with the United Nations, which, in its current form, is a relic of the situation shortly after the end of World War II. It does not reflect the influence of some new regional powers, while immorally equating countries whose representatives are democratically elected and those whose representatives speak only for themselves or their juntas, at best.
5444- Such a massive effort will be doomed to failure, however, if Afghanistan's neighbors intervene in ways that promote economic upheaval all over again.
5445- By now, of course, 133 defendants from all parties to the wars in ex-Yugoslavia have appeared before the Tribunal, charged with war crimes, crimes against humanity, and even genocide.
5446- Only time will tell.
5447- There is some risk that appreciation of the exchange rate if greater flexibility were allowed could precipitate deflation.
5448- What will this landmark change mean for prices of such assets as stocks and homes?
5449- Christian fundamentalism in the United States has come to dominate large segments of the Republican Party.
5450- Looking ahead, this is of crucial importance, because the long-term economic well being of any country depends on steady productivity growth.
5451- The ECB was right to ignore the exchange rate when it fell to $0.80, and it is right to ignore it today when it is close to $1.20.
5452- Ukrainians may at times resent these impersonal modern mechanisms, but they increasingly (if grudgingly) recognize them as necessary.
5453- Russia's Population Implosion
5454- Deflation should not be hard to check, with sound policy.
5455- Shevardnadze's Last Stand?
5456- It could have either avoided a monumental mistake, as Iraq has now proved to be, or it could have brought the United Nations on board from the outset, ensuring that military action, and the subsequent occupation and reconstruction of the country, would have broad multilateral support.
5457- In our investigations so far, a pattern has emerged even at this early stage: these polling stations recorded the highest number of voters for Mugabe.
5458- In September 2005, world leaders will meet at the UN to review the progress made since the Millennium Assembly in September 2000, when they pledged to support a set of ambitious objectives - the Millennium Development Goals ­- to help the world's poorest people escape poverty, hunger, disease, and illiteracy.
5459- A Yanukovich government promises the semi-neutrality of semi-paralysis.
5460- It was July 1945, a few months after I returned from a concentration camp called Transnistria.
5461- Efficiencies in energy use are possible, but they cannot solve either the problem of long-run oil supplies or climate change.
5462- In his recent State of the Union address, President George W. Bush declared, "America is addicted to oil."
5463- This, however, will not happen overnight, and in the meantime the demand for more regulation may result in a structure that is heavy, ineffective, and in the end impedes, rather than corrects, market forces.
5464- Second, judging by historical experience, his influence on public opinion and economic policymaking improved countless lives for the better.
5465- Populists Can be Right
5466- More importantly, the Nice meeting showed how far French and German ideas about European integration had drifted apart.
5467- As farm prices and rents fell, aristocracy faced decline.
5468- Russia was doubtless freer than ever before, in virtually all respects, good and bad.
5469- Nevertheless, even during the five-year period, an immigrant will enjoy greater rights.
5470- The European Commission recently lost much of its standing in the eyes of ordinary Europeans with the vitriolic fights between the Council and the Commission over the defunct Stability Pact and the failure to approve the draft constitution.
5471- As such, China and other countries are holding a depreciating asset that should be managed to serve domestic interests rather than those of the US.
5472- And the norms and rules that govern international institutions constitute a boundary on American power - and thus as a check on its hegemony.
5473- Perhaps, from the point of view of research ethics, that makes all the difference.
5474- Of course, multilingualism, empathy, tolerance, and the acquisition of knowledge about foreign cultures cannot be decreed like taxes.
5475- In September 2000, following the assassination of a Hague Tribunal witness and the arrest of a Croatian commander accused of massacring Serbs in 1991, twelve army generals published a letter calling for the defense of Croat veterans and a halt to ``the negative and historically unfounded representation'' of Croatia's record in the Balkan wars.
5476- No sane politician will commit to another decade of structural reforms that will test the patience of ordinary Latin Americans beyond the limits of electoral survival.
5477- There are many more people willing to risk their lives to kill Americans than there were on September 11.
5478- But public anger over sky-high price growth precipitated by the oil crises finally allowed central banks to tighten credit and smother inflation with massive global recessions.
5479- Sánchez de Lozada pressed again for US financial help--$150 million--but Bush ushered him from the Oval Office with a pat on the back.
5480- Embassies have issued warnings to tourists and their citizens living in France; television news programs have shown hours of footage of burning cars.
5481- For half-a-century Europe has relied on the US for security, while spending its own money on a pricey welfare state.
5482- The concept of open society is based on the recognition that nobody possesses the ultimate truth. To claim otherwise leads to repression.
5483- Perhaps its governing responsibilities will push Hamas toward ongoing discussions with the United States and the international community.
5484- Widespread successes with cable-stayed structures have made the type almost commonplace.
5485- A rough way to gauge the increasing importance of transnational organizations is to count how many times these organizations are mentioned in mainstream media publications.
5486- America didn't budge on bilateral negotiations, and its response to North Korea's recent announcement that it possesses nuclear weapons likewise emphasized the need to revive the six-party talks.
5487- In addition, paying teachers according to performance must become the norm, while ineffective teachers should be dismissed.
5488- Whoever thought that NATO - that most successful expression of transatlantic solidarity - had found new cohesion after the divisive Iraq crisis should visit the alliance's headquarters.
5489- Iraqi leaders were well aware of the decreased participation in the election by a significant portion of Iraq's multi-ethnic and multi-confessional mosaic, particularly the Sunni community.
5490- That's simply not the business they saw themselves as being in.
5491- All three of the leaders of Citizen's Platform are handsome and bright, intelligent and funny.
5492- Today, it is not only the superpowers who are capable of blackmailing the world with "super-murder."
5493- We will also see to it that our efforts tie in with steps by the European Union to bolster its military capabilities. Inviting New Members: The venue of the Prague summit--the capital of one of NATO's most recent member states--is a powerful symbol of the Alliance's success in advancing Europe's unification.
5494- The immigrants would raise a new generation of doctors, lawyers, and engineers.
5495- At that point, the government realized that its democratic opening was slipping out of its control.
5496- This division of jobs leaves out the developing countries, many of which are "developing" at a speed that will make them richer than Europe in per capita terms quite soon.
5497- Both europhiles and eurocrats shudder at the prospect that rejection in several member states, particularly in a large one, might kill the project, leaving the Union to muddle through with the Nice Treaty.
5498- The wider world also counts the Iraqis who get killed daily, perhaps 20 times more.
5499- Today, science belongs to a rapidly globalizing world.
5500- For a glimpse at the future, look at what has happened to Mexican corn farmers since NAFTA.
5501- Although every member nation has played its part in integrating Europe, France has without doubt been the country that provided most of the ideas and master builders.
5502- Patients who feel better after the initial treatment may also fail to complete therapy.
5503- In the meantime, Europe sits back in the multi-cultural corner with its usual blithe self-confidence.
5504- There remains one further concern: America has rushed to sign a series of bilateral trade agreements that are even more one-sided and unfair to developing countries, which may prompt Europe and others to do likewise.
5505- US Undersecretary of State for Latin America Roger Noriega responded by calling Ortega a "hoodlum."
5506- It is in the war on terrorism, however, where we are likely to see the fruits of this new cooperation, and to see them soon.
5507- The same is true of the Party's relationship with the peasants, who provided Mao Zedong with the soldiers and supplies he needed in battles that lasted decades.
5508- If America pursued a policy of price stability and China kept its exchange rate fixed to the dollar, wouldn't China have price stability as well, without worrying about its money supply, which would, in effect, be set by the Fed?
5509- Next week, Presidents Putin and Bush will meet in Slovakia.
5510- We need to reject "us-versus-them" logic, in which Israel is pure and the Arabs are evil (or vice versa).
5511- If the Khmer Rouge trials are to proceed, donor countries must see the Extraordinary Chambers as a prudent investment toward a stable and productive Cambodia.
5512- differences in competition and scale.
5513- There can no longer be any reasonable doubt that Iran's ambition is to obtain nuclear weapons capability.
5514- But credible criticism must be based on evidence -- and on generally applicable criteria of judgment.
5515- None of these governments openly speaks of socialism, much less Marxism.
5516- Mayors across Europe, however, have responded more moderately, feeling and showing solidarity with the plight of their French colleagues.
5517- Thus, Israel is using the opportunity brought by the current fighting to search out and destroy Hezbollah's underground and other hidden sites where it keeps its rockets and missiles.
5518- In Spain, all but three championships since 1985 have been won by either Real Madrid or Barcelona.
5519- The US could save itself tens of billions of dollars per year by withdrawing its troops from Iraq.
5520- Not much, the empirical evidence suggests.
5521- In May 2006, the fairly free domestic interbank rate was just 1.62%, while the US Federal Funds rate was 5%.
5522- As member states prepare to meet in Qatar this Friday, the WTO is a prime target of globalization's opponents.
5523- Indeed, this did happen with the one property recovery that my government was able to secure, the giant Kryvorizhstal steel works that our former president's son-in-law gained through a rigged sale at a bargain price.
5524- An interconnected world needs cooperation and collective action.
5525- At the benign end of the spectrum, this realm includes actors as diverse as bankers electronically transferring huge sums; at the other end are terrorists transferring weapons or hackers disrupting Internet operations.
5526- Having benefited from overwhelming political rejection of Fatah, Hamas will now be judged by how it uses its new authority.
5527- Although President George W. Bush says he believes in markets, in this case he has called for voluntary action.
5528- After Hurricane Gilbert, remittances increased by 25 cents for each dollar of hurricane damage that households incurred.
5529- The internet, based on thinking and spending made in the 1940's, and the silicon chip, developed in the 1970's, are both products of research funded by the Pentagon.
5530- Security is useless without freedom, but freedom makes no sense without security - both national security and economic security.
5531- Many young second-generation immigrants are virtually excluded from the labor market.
5532- All of this results in an economy that grows too little, where the weakest are condemned to a life of exclusion and are deprived of any opportunity for upward mobility.
5533- Why has religion returned to secular and democratic politics?
5534- Opponents within his own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual Tory opposition.
5535- Some argue that rapid productivity gains from new technology, increased competition due to globalization, and the rise of internet-based electronic commerce created a world in which firms must steadily lower prices.
5536- India has opened up its economy to world trade and started to privatize many of its state-owned industries (albeit often too slowly).
5537- It was bad luck.
5538- "No way," argued Boris. "To be a traffic policeman you must pay off your boss.
5539- In September, Japan's Defense Minister visited China, resuming high-level defense contacts.
5540- "There is certainly more freedom in Shanghai than in Moscow," says a professor from Tsinghua University in Beijing, echoing Zakaria.
5541- The rest of the world must not embrace America's unilateral approach: the multilateral trade system is too precious to allow it to be destroyed by a US President who has repeatedly shown his contempt for global democracy and multilateralism.
5542- Rewriting Russia's Recent Economic History
5543- In this respect, Syria and Iran appreciate Turkey's EU membership process.
5544- A situation in which the US muddles through with growth that is positive but slower than the growth rate of potential output--today's conditions--is unlikely to prompt drastic action from the Fed.
5545- The nature of these boundaries is related to our common-sense view that some objects have souls and others do not.
5546- At a time when the US brands as "evil" certain countries based, in part, on their pursuit of nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction, it must be especially careful in how it considers its own options and contingencies regarding nuclear weapons.
5547- But that was in 1970, when memories of the war's ravages were fresh.
5548- The official verdict states that they threatened national unity, challenged those in authority, and incited public opinion against the state while using "foreign," that is, Western, terminology.
5549- More importantly, the ``punishment'' for not complying was clear, strong, and certain: exclusion from the monetary union.
5550- Reforms must aim at making grade school and high school teachers accountable.
5551- The threat of capital flight to nearby political entities creates a strong incentive to keep policies market-friendly, but it is suppressed when neighboring political entities coalesce.
5552- He preferred to confront corrupt institutions one at a time as he consolidated his rule.
5553- So at stake is no longer just Iraq, but rather the future of the entire region.
5554- Most landless farmers find it difficult to switch to different crops, being caught up as they are in the illegal opium-denominated market, which forces them to live at the mercy of the drug traffickers, who provide them with access to credit and market outlets.
5555- This is the only condition under which the People's Liberation Army and the all-powerful Military Commission will accept democratization.
5556- America and the world are focused on whether the Bush administration will adopt the Iraq Study Group's recommendations for an exit strategy from Iraq.
5557- The second case involved a known recipient of such cells transfused from another asymptomatic donor who subsequently died from variant CJD, whereas the recipient showed no evidence of neurological disease and died of unrelated causes.
5558- The United States pays only lip service to free market principles, favoring Washington lobbyists and campaign contributors who demand just the opposite.
5559- Thus, the market can establish the necessary interest differential only if interest rates on yuan assets fall below their dollar equivalents.
5560- More than ever, the American system is regarded as a model.
5561- Indeed, the economy is vastly inferior to Hollywood as a source of glitterati gossip, but much economic reporting makes the coverage of the birth of Brad Pitt's and Angelina Jolie's baby look profoundly serious.
5562- They believe that the war will be quick, virtually effortless, and self-financing, as the US. effectively gains control of Iraqi oil supplies, which will not only drive down world oil prices but also finance Iraq's postwar reconstruction.
5563- The world is becoming an increasingly difficult place to predict and manage, especially for those who are accustomed to being in charge.
5564- There was only a skirmish over the Dadu River.
5565- But to the three Baltic countries the end of WWII led to half a century of occupation and lost opportunities.
5566- Like many other traditional Chinese medicines, acupuncture has for many centuries been viewed suspiciously in the West.
5567- He was not a member of the political class, so nobody thought about how to gain advantage by his success.
5568- Racan would not have had to deal with the Hague Tribunal had he the courage to begin his own housekeeping and investigations of Tudjman's cronies and the war criminals the deceased president protected.
5569- Virtually all of South America has been in deep economic malaise of late, with high unemployment, rising poverty, and growing social unrest.
5570- Directly, it can do nothing; indirectly, it can do a lot.
5571- All sides realize that failure to achieve this would most likely result in a nuclear chain reaction with Japan, South Korea, and perhaps even Taiwan embarking on their own nuclear weapons development programs.
5572- Given the tendency of central banks to change interest rates gradually, any change of direction likely means more changes in the same direction later.
5573- When the treaty's underlying purpose is neither about trade nor freedom.
5574- Trade does indeed benefit the poor if rich-country markets are opened, so that the poor can sell what they produce.
5575- Indeed, we struggle--more or less successfully, I think--even to define what a "scholarly" practicing physician is, because a clinician's reputation rests on local interactions that are often difficult to document.
5576- As ever, the challenge facing medical researchers is to develop more effective treatments without reducing their safety.
5577- Well aware of the complexities and hazards--and seeking to avoid alienating any of the parties--China is willing to play the role of convener, but not adjudicator, of an American-North Korean dialogue.
5578- At this point, the IMF castigates the country for failing to fulfill its commitments.
5579- The Dakar Education Forum, the World Bank's Education for All initiative, and the UN Millennial Development Program's Education Task Force all provide tremendous policy detail, with budgets, for those interested in action.
5580- We must jettison populist democracy and embrace what democracy has always stood for—the engagement of all citizens in running their government.
5581- Yet they will do nothing themselves to help, thus ensuring that the problem continues.
5582- Since Shiite fundamentalism is itself a recent phenomenon, the early Iranian revolutionaries inevitably rebuilt the religious seminaries along lines suggested by the Iranian opposition's most powerful pre-revolutionary discourse: communist ideology.
5583- Only a miniscule fraction of possible sequences has ever occurred, through duplication, multiplication, and modification of a small starter set of genes.
5584- Thus, while the use of PARP inhibitors to treat established tumors may be feasible within a few years, we could have to wait at least a decade before a prophylactic treatment for inherited breast cancer is widely available.
5585- Consider what is potentially the most contentious issue, how to cope with Iran's nuclear program.
5586- If it appears that the withdrawal will proceed and Sharon can assemble a government to implement it, the Palestinian side will then face a major challenge.
5587- But it is also true that if the US wants to improve relations with its neighbors to the south, America should make significant bilateral trade concessions to the Latin American countries.
5588- These children grow up to be poor adults, and the cycle goes on, viciously.
5589- Or so it seems.
5590- If one adds suppression of air defenses, such a strike might involve roughly 600 targets -- far from surgical.
5591- Serbia and Russia pose more difficult cases, as the national pride of both - for different reasons - has been wounded.
5592- What is so impressive about the new rainforest initiative is that it comes from the developing countries themselves; it represents their creativity and social commitment.
5593- Did Humans Invent Modernity?
5594- But who provides security, and how?
5595- But first and foremost on the list are Europe's.
5596- The apathetic response of the dead peasant woman's husband to the $10,000 in compensation he received was telling. "I don't care about the verdict and whether it is justice or not," he said.
5597- A nuclear-armed India is another country with potential for a Middle East role.
5598- Beyond genetics, all creatures experience a non-identical sequence of life events.
5599- America itself will be safer, in part because it will be less likely in the future to unleash a spiral of violence fueled by its own irrational fears and misunderstandings of the world.
5600- Already, in the Yangtze and Pearl River Deltas, where manufacturing activity is the densest, labor shortages have appeared.
5601- They stoked supposed resentments among different national or ethnic communities based on Lenin's idea that even small groups of villages could demand territorial autonomy.
5602- Indeed, hardly anyone nowadays can offer a satisfying definition of what being Conservative means.
5603- Will the new government follow responsible economic policies, or will Bolivia flirt yet again with destabilizing populist measures, as it has done so often in the past?
5604- So how would the genes be identified?
5605- Occasionally, when a repressive regime expels our foundation -- as happened in Belarus and Uzbekistan -- we operate from the outside.
5606- By providing a few billion dollars per year in assistance now, the donor world would ensure a prosperous, democratic, and stable partner in India for decades to come.
5607- Unfortunately, harmonization would probably apply to wage replacement payments, implying uniform minimum wage constraints for EU countries.
5608- The Iraqi crisis revealed deep differences between the US and Western Europe in matters of political culture, ethics, approaches to international politics, and the role of military force.
5609- Consider the example of Greek-Turkish relations, which had hardened under the compressed weight of "establishment" views that were long entrenched in both countries.
5610- Terrorists are organized, and the group can continue even after the individual is caught.
5611- Yet our leaders consider these subjects taboo.
5612- President Bush, Palestinian Premier Mazen, and Israel's Prime Minister Sharon are poised to meet.
5613- Three issues stand out. First, the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington of 2001 reminded us (in case we had forgotten) that there is a union of values called "the West."
5614- In Beslan, camouflaged men representing four ministries fussed uselessly, with no clear leader or goals, losing precious minutes when the violence erupted.
5615- Instead, countries are committed only to enforcing their own labor laws, which often seem designed to prevent workers from joining a union.
5616- Given the limited number of skilled personnel available to humanitarian agencies, human resources could follow the money.
5617- Instead of relying on natural defenses against diseases, we developed antibiotics and the other tools of modern medicine.
5618- But this implies that the old divisions should stay in place.
5619- "Thirteen Days," a new film about the Cuban Missile Crisis, will soon be showing in many countries.
5620- Since most people who voted for the eight minor candidates in the first round will also cast ballots for Koštunica, he is all but certain to win.
5621- Lt. Gen. Alexander Rukshin, chief of the General Staff's main operative directorate, spoke of the need for modernization of command and control systems in preparation for such a war.
5622- Chinese capitalism, too, is rife with corruption and self-dealing.
5623- This is why Calderón's opponent in July's presidential election, the populist Andrés Manuel López Obrador, obtained such a large percentage of the vote compared to the Mexican left's previous high-water mark in the election of 2000.
5624- Today's talk about identity and sovereignty is often rather gloomy.
5625- Assisting Iraq's political regeneration may be the most difficult task, given the many religious, ethnic, geographic and political divisions that characterize Iraqi society.
5626- Some immigrants believe it's shaped like a star to guide them across the Rio Grande to work in the promised land, others think it resembles a devil, offering the tantalizing prospect of legal jobs in the US, only to discover that this is a mirage.
5627- This, together with the rule that all decisions, even in the area of state aid, must be approved by a majority of Commissioners, suggests that the Commission is set to become much more lenient on state aid and competition policy.
5628- In interviews, he reveals that he was actually motivated by a deep sympathy for the plight of the poor in his country.
5629- But public attitudes have been changing.
5630- Everybody makes such calculations when they decide where to take vacations abroad, so why believe that they do not do it for other goods and services?
5631- Going ``back to Europe'' was gone; East Europeans were brought back to Europe by the US.
5632- In Bucharest recently, I was discussing the oversight role of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) in my country, Albania, with an expert from that body.
5633- Since capitalism's beginnings, the market economy has been subject to fluctuations, to booms and busts.
5634- After all, China supplied much of Pakistan's nuclear-weapons technology and beat India in a 1962 war; their borders remain disputed in places.
5635- Turkey has suffered from rising oil prices, falling tourism income (its second-largest source of foreign exchange), and declining foreign investment.
5636- Here, even the recent changes in the US have not gone far enough: they prevent accounting firms from also serving as advisors to a firm, but they still leave the decision about remunerating the accountants in the hands of the company, thus creating a perverse incentive to play fast and loose with financial reporting.
5637- European governments, therefore, are crazy not to support NATO.
5638- In a region of pervasive unemployment, the key question will be how to ensure future employment growth.
5639- In neither scenario does it make sense to hold huge amounts of dollar-denominated assets today.
5640- If the product helps families save, he hopes to persuade lawmakers to make this type of savings scheme easier to offer in America.
5641- The decision to launch February 15 as a day of mass protest was apparently taken at a meeting of activists at the European Social Forum in Florence in November last year.
5642- After decades of using concern for the Palestinian cause to shore up popular support for their own ineffective and undemocratic regimes, these moderate Arab leaders have now been put on the defensive by Iran's quest for hegemony.
5643- Second, eliminate the redistribution implicit in the system.
5644- The Council could also declare that any fresh aggression, or any use, threat or transfer of WMD, would trigger Saddam's removal and his pursuit as an international criminal like Slobodan Milosevic.
5645- The motion was subsequently revoked; but the fact that it was put forward at all is astonishing enough.
5646- Kurds have a much more egalitarian view of gender relations than either Sunnis or Shi'ites.
5647- Why do so many people continue smoking?
5648- Additional obstacles include a lack of labour flexibility, especially legal barriers to shedding labour.
5649- 1.1
5650- Putin has also not turned the clock back on economic reform.
5651- The comparable figures for Shi'ites were 10 and 14%, respectively, but were just 4% and 5%, respectively, for Sunnis.
5652- It is the greatest single weakness of the US forces that in 2004 -- contrary to 1945 -- they do not have the capacity to stop the bombing, get out of their tanks, and encourage indigenous democratic development from the bottom up.
5653- Nevertheless, it might be better to let the market decide what kinds of products the low-skilled and less motivated part of the workforce should and could reasonably produce, which speaks for the American way of subsidizing wages.
5654- Because the grind of government can obscure enduring principle, people inspired by the best motives now find themselves on the same side as their criminal adversaries.
5655- Many doctors would like to think of pain as a simple sensation that usefully calls disease or injury to our attention.
5656- A more democratic Iraq has become a more violent Iraq.
5657- For each, fill in the blank space with "obligatory," "permissible," or "forbidden."
5658- If oil prices decline in the future, the oil industry will suffer severely.
5659- But the hope for a repetition of the late 19th-century experience has - so far - proved vain.
5660- IMF credits will go to repay the IMF, not to reactivate the economy.
5661- These processes combine to produce the private and unpleasant bodily awareness that we call pain.
5662- But what has tended to get lost in these discussions are the malign synergies between a Third World suspicious that so-called humanitarian interventions are only colonialism redux and a unilateralist US administration wedded to the concept of pre-emptive war against enemies that it equates with states that violate human rights.
5663- So Blair decided that New Labour would not just accept, but embrace the principle of market forces.
5664- In present-day Babylon in Chinatown, in Little Italy, in Russian Brighton Beach, and in the alleys and byways of New York, all the world's languages are spoken.
5665- If they were not following precise orders, they were at least responding to vague pro forma instructions from the top: don't do anything illegal, just maximize profits.
5666- Unchallenged in his second and last term, will he retain even that slight democratic instinct?
5667- This impulse strongly affected his choice of a successor when he decided to step down as prime minister.
5668- That is the test that now confronts us.
5669- The final result was never discernible in the polls more than six weeks in advance.
5670- Such thinking is passé. China already is East Asia's great power.
5671- The ECB's paltry rate hike in December, together with the supine promise of no plans for further monetary tightening, demonstrates that Trichet is no Duisenberg.
5672- At the least, there is the danger that the cash nexus can encourage a mindless commitment to work, and the belief that one's worth comes only from paid labor, leading to fear of dependence on others, or to shunning vital but unpaid activity.
5673- The first goal should be to distribute long-lasting insecticide-treated bed nets to all of Africa's rural poor within four years.
5674- The window of opportunity for these two social models to compete with each other, however, is likely to be brief given the hideous events that have occurred in New York and Washington, and America's likely retaliation against terrorists and the sponsors of terrorists.
5675- Neither of these steps has yet occurred, but, based on my experiences in 1991, when I led a UN team studying the environmental effects of the first Persian Gulf war, several initial observations are possible.
5676- In the Palestinian Authority, a democratically elected president offers the hope of a new chance for peace.
5677- Putting Youth First
5678- Turkey must, of course, fulfill the conditions common to all candidate countries, measured in a fair and reasonable manner.
5679- Structural barriers do not represent the only problems of access to treatment in the health care system. Foreign-born patients may interrupt treatment due to lack of confidence in diagnosis and care, or they may ignore the more minor symptoms of the illness.
5680- Social changes add to such insecurities.
5681- It is the task of national governments - of me and my colleagues in the European Council - to finish the job.
5682- Though political parties have not been legalized, they are nonetheless active in parliament and public life.
5683- Ben Bernanke, the nominee to replace Alan Greenspan this month as Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board, is a highly capable economist who has devoted his professional life to understanding the historical role of central banks and the problems that they have faced.
5684- We need to ask ourselves if this should be our first priority.
5685- Gazprom's three largest fields, which account for three-quarters of its output, are in decline.
5686- Both men entered national leadership under President Gerald Ford in 1974, during the Arab oil embargo, which unleashed huge economic shocks that doomed Ford's presidency.
5687- This is essential if the issues that affect people's lives are to be tackled successfully.
5688- Furthermore, it used its political muscle to block the early warning about its deficit that the EU Commission had mandated by the terms of the Stability Pact.
5689- Analysts who focused only on those elements of China's or South Korea's experience that fit their beliefs missed the larger story that these countries were undergoing massively heterodox experiments.
5690- Needless to say, there are no such hang-ups in many of the high-growth economies of Asia.
5691- But they must do so in a way that provides genuine direction, and that Japan's people, military, and neighbors find convincing.
5692- Terror Or Reform In The Greater Middle East
5693- Certainly the timing was bad: global stock prices began to collapse a few months later, and it took years for them to fully recover.
5694- The first is that the new worries are a strange case of psychological transference.
5695- Those goals are achievable. The challenge is implementation.
5696- Public and private resources must be mobilized to build, enhance, and maintain solid educational infrastructures.
5697- Italy has a few large corporations, mainly in services, utilities, or sectors shielded from competition.
5698- For these individuals, instead of hearing just one's name, voices produce a stream of speech, often vulgar or derogatory ("You are a fat whore," "Go to hell") or a running commentary on one's most private thoughts.
5699- Lebanon, argues Paul Salem, may provide a guide for those Iraqis who seek a constitution that can reconcile the country's Shi-ite, Sunni, Kurdish and Turkmen communities.
5700- Russian voters tend to vote according to three main sentiments: anti-liberal, anti-oligarchic, and anti-Western (more precisely, anti-American).
5701- The treaties of Maastricht (1992) and Amsterdam (1997) created a new organizational structure for the EU and laid the foundations for political institutions equal to Europe's economic power.
5702- For example, the EU must rethink its trade policies, which are now the most discriminatory towards these new neighbors, all of whom lack membership in the World Trade Organization and are restricted from freely selling steel, textiles, and a broad range of agricultural products in the EU.
5703- Thus, if a "soul" means something immaterial and immortal, then it does not exist.
5704- Annan maintained his extreme passiveness even after the airplane crash that killed Habyarimana, which signaled the genocide's start, helped by the indifference of the great powers (America not least).
5705- This is all the more tragic today because leaders in most of the developing world are in a better position than ever before to make informed policy decisions that are sensitive to their countries' local contexts.
5706- The fact that a former president of Serbia, Ivan Stambolic, could disappear without a trace in 1999 is grim testimony to the power of Serbia's criminal underworld.
5707- Perhaps.
5708- Firms are in a far better position than consumers to assess the safety of their product; we all benefit knowing that our legal system has provided corporations with incentives to pay attention to the safety of what they produce.
5709- There was certainly a great deal of this type of sentiment in the 1930's, when the populist response to the Great Depression attributed it to the sinister forces of "international capital."
5710- To be sure, good surveillance is needed in order to obtain early warning that a strain of H5N1 flu transmissible between humans has been detected, so that nations around the world can rapidly initiate a variety of public health measures, including a program to produce large amounts of vaccine against that strain.
5711- Britain, France, and Spain are working on an opposing plan that will consolidate EU executive powers among the biggest EU states.
5712- The idea behind pre-emptive wars is that American force should be projected through high-tech, blitzkrieg type wars waged from US soil, or from the soil of uncritical allies.
5713- The al-Saud have procrastinated so long that every choice they now face is risky.
5714- I am looking down on Central Park and recall from half-a-century ago in a small town in Northern Romania a tall, white-haired man proclaiming his poem, "The Colors Red and Black."  Gazing over the park, I remember those Stalinist era verses:
5715- The United States plans to construct a veritable "Mexican Wall" to keep poor people from crossing into Texas or California.
5716- In fact, the US has already begun to do what is required.
5717- Gerhard Schroeder is providing disastrous leadership for Germany.
5718- Assuming that they comply with the Maastricht Treaty's provisions concerning the EMU - and are not unfairly held to more stringent criteria - the core issue is whether new members would benefit more by waiting or whether they should seek early entry.
5719- These people increasingly identify themselves with the global jihad, and have forged firm links with Muslim radicals in the Middle East, Southern Asia and Europe.
5720- In Germany, for example, the Council of Economic Advisors calculated the implicit pension debt to be more than 270% of GDP.
5721- Are We Working Ourselves to Death?
5722- By pressing for membership in the EU, he is reinforcing Turkey's long-held western orientation.
5723- The volunteers were paid several thousands of dollars to participate in the trial.
5724- 0.1
5725- Our politicians are right (and not merely expedient) to insist that the current conflict is not with Islam - an extremely heterogeneous faith that recognizes no authoritative source of doctrinal interpretation.
5726- Two grievous economic policy errors were committed during Yeltsin's presidency.
5727- Only Belgium, Italy, Finland, and Luxemburg lag behind.
5728- As a result, the Tutsi-dominated government entered into negotiations with Hutu leaders, which led to the signing of a political accord in August 2000.
5729- Unfortunately, Zhao's political reforms were terminated upon his fall from power.
5730- The usual daily rhythms seem to go wrong: can't sleep, or sleep too much, can't eat, or eat too much.
5731- The IMF staff must begin to report, publicly and for everyone to see, the shortcomings in countries' balance sheets and currency strategies because these are invariably the causes of collapse.
5732- But the peace treaty agreed at Portsmouth, New Hampshire in 1905 (brokered by President Theodore Roosevelt) hardly reflected this.
5733- In fact, there is evidence that this is now happening.
5734- Poverty, cronyism, and official corruption heighten this popular frustration.
5735- Within Turkey, opinion polls suggest that frustration with Europe is intensifying, while Iran is viewed with increasing favor.
5736- Around the world, there is concern about the arrest of Russian oil billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
5737- A second general issue has to do with priorities.
5738- Whoever governs must try to square this circle.
5739- While there is a legitimate debate about the degree of independence accorded to central banks and other decision-making bodies, within a democracy, the perspectives of those whose well-being is affected by the decisions taken should be represented in the process.
5740- None of the ticks is known to carry Lyme Disease, which has never been reported in Costa Rica.
5741- But tight national restrictions do not seem to prevent migration; they only alter the geographical orientation of flows and fuel increases in illegal immigration, thereby inflating the size of the informal economy.
5742- A solid middle class has yet to emerge, nor a resilient civil society.
5743- Farmers were ordered to hand over all remaining supplies within a fortnight.
5744- Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao just completed a four-day visit to India during which 11 agreements were signed, including a comprehensive five-year strategic cooperation pact.
5745- Yet the poorest countries, even well governed ones, lack the resources to finance these investments.
5746- In an era of growing concern about religious fundamentalism, liberal democratic institutions must reaffirm their role in protecting individual rights for all.
5747- -0.2
5748- There is no volunteer like Germany or the US Treasury willing to dip into its deep pockets.
5749- We in the former PASOK government instead helped create a more positive framework by declaring our commitment to work for consensus, thereby creating the basis for trust and mutual understanding.
5750- In opposing how the war against Al-Qaeda and the Taliban is fought, many in Pakistan's minuscule middle class find themselves aligned with people they abhor: extremists whose distorted religiosity violates the tolerant version of Islam prevalent in this region.
5751- Creditors in cases like that of Argentina need to be made to pay a penalty.
5752- It was only in 1995-96 that the US eased its position and allowed the yen to depreciate against the dollar.
5753- Most people find it easy to understand that being especially strong or fast, or able to withstand hunger, heat, or cold, can increase the chances of survival.
5754- The detainee simply must believe that his fate is entirely in the interrogator's hands.
5755- Germany invented socialism.
5756- In all countries, balancing the budget and controlling inflation are high on the list, but so are structural reforms.
5757- Since the new information technologies are easily available in all advanced countries, one would think that productivity would have accelerated everywhere, not just in the US.
5758- Aid given by the US has been overly influenced by Middle East politics and, previously, by the Cold War.
5759- Instead of worrying that 70 cents per $100 is giving till it hurts, our slogan in the rich countries should be "Giving Till it Heals."
5760- Just as both extreme-right and post-fascist groups in Western Europe weaken, Eastern Europe has seen a revival of extreme-right and fascist parties, most ominously with the successes of nationalist radicals in the recent Russian and Serbian elections.
5761- What is more, democracy is irrelevant to those who are already committed terrorists.
5762- Russia currently sells certain arms to China, but avoids exporting its most sophisticated systems, since the Kremlin views China as a potential future threat.
5763- Wherever the IMF appears on the scene to provide financial assistance, painful government budget cuts seem certain to follow.
5764- Two weeks later, 400 Japanese businessmen hired as many as 500 local Chinese prostitutes for a weekend sex party in a Zhu Hai hotel.
5765- Chechen policy must be revisited.
5766- Four times as many Kenyans as Israelis died in November 2002 in the terrorist attack on the Paradise, an Israeli hotel in my hometown of Mombasa.
5767- The trend in many countries towards unification of supervisory functions should be regarded as a golden opportunity to strengthen as well as to harmonize regulatory arrangements throughout their financial sectors.
5768- But the halting and weak response to Katrina has called this into question.
5769- There is entirely too much fuel for terrorist propaganda.
5770- Too often Roma families live in tiny cramped wooden or tin shacks with no power or running water and dim prospects for the future.
5771- The problems underlying Japan's decline are legion.
5772- The US is seen by many Iraqis as a colonial occupier, and is therefore the target of attack not only by loyalists of Saddam Hussein, but by Iraqi nationalists of various sorts, as well as by Arab fighters from neighboring countries.
5773- Many Serbs also feel mortified by the ongoing trials of their former leaders at the International Criminal Tribunal at The Hague.
5774- The EU already possesses ample resources to make an impact on the world stage:
5775- The anchor was there from the beginning.
5776- The most important issue now is the Fischer succession.
5777- The only exception is when an international agreement exists to which both countries have subscribed.
5778- Clearly, economic forces other than a country's monetary policy determine the relative prices that different goods and services should have - and which they eventually do have, regardless of monetary policy. These forces do not determine the absolute price (in dollars, say) of any good.
5779- Their message to the government in Beijing is this: you cannot take away our ethnicity but you have soiled our dignity through your barbarism.
5780- It violates the tenets of every religion, and it conflicts with common sense.
5781- Pessimists now fret that Asia is not big enough for both China and Japan: you "can't have two tigers in one forest."
5782- The new government would be strongly committed to ending this unacceptable state of affairs.
5783- In other words, the secularism of the Western conception of rights lies at the root of the liberal tradition.
5784- However small, however limited, Mexico played a valuable role.
5785- But the nagging questions about the campaign's legitimacy lie less in the past, and more in the ongoing absence of virtually any semblance of the rule of law in Iraq.
5786- The organization and allocation of power in the UN, the IMF, the World Bank, and the G7 meetings reflects a global equilibrium that disappeared long ago.
5787- At the risk of over-simplifying, they can be grouped under three headings:
5788- The remaining 90% are potential EID's.
5789- But the demand side was heavily regulated, owing to a rule that clubs could field no more than two foreign players in any single game.
5790- When voters write off politicians as dishonest, anti-democratic movements thrive.
5791- Citizens want powers to be clearly defined and decisions to be taken openly in a way that they can understand.
5792- The new government will have to make do and chart a slow path for its oil recovery, just as Saddam's regime did.
5793- Indeed, poor countries also often lack the private insurance needed to offer the type of emergency assistance that citizens of wealthy nations have come to expect.
5794- The same is true with artists, musicians, sports teams, and community leaders.
5795- Putin himself once blamed the West for trying to channel Muslim radicalism toward Russia.
5796- The reality of who actually possesses power in Europe has given rise to movement toward the creation of a foreign policy "triumvirate" comprising France, Germany, and the United Kingdom - something the leaders of the three countries will invariably discuss when they meet later this week.
5797- They were mightily disappointed when Putin stated that he did not want any ``hysteria'' over these issues.
5798- Beyond the Sino-Japanese Rivalry
5799- Moreover, at the next Summit following Prague, the Baltics must be at any rate be granted what, in view of their history, they have every right to demand: to be part of a stability alliance that is a matter of course for western democracies.
5800- Indeed, the latest public opinion poll among Palestinians shows that 73% feel as secure as or even more secure than they did before the election.
5801- Each reduction of one million barrels per day translates into lost revenues of around $30 million per day at today's world market price of $30 per barrel.
5802- So the stakes are high in Iraq, for Europeans no less than for Americans.
5803- True, as a new institution it has had to establish its credibility, but the result is a smaller, slower decrease in interest rates.
5804- A peasant in the Yangtze Valley in the late seventeenth century had a different style of life than his or her contemporary peasant in the Thames Valley, but not one that was clearly better or worse.
5805- Moreover, it also contributes greatly to the high per-capita GDP figures, for the simple reason that the value-added created by these government jobs is part of GDP, even if it could never have been produced in the market economy.
5806- American and European jobs increasingly migrate to China.
5807- If Americans don't start embracing their friends in Latin America, it may take a generation to undo the damage.
5808- But this does not matter.
5809- It cannot be good for America if liberalism (in the original sense of political and economic freedom) becomes as much a dirty word in Europe or in the Middle East as "liberalism" in the American sense is nowadays for the American right.
5810- Within the broad Millennium Declaration is a set of specific targets for reducing poverty, disease, hunger, illiteracy, and environmental degradation. They provide explicit, detailed commitments.
5811- Nor is that all.
5812- Without that, business investment and consumer spending will plummet, and the world economy will fall precipitously.
5813- Ever since Deng Xiao Ping's remark that "it's not the color of the cat that matters, but whether it catches mice," it has been clear that the old Cold War divisions of left and right, communism and democracy, were obsolete.
5814- I am speaking of the gut-wrenching, life-threatening poverty of living on less than $1 per day.
5815- Bush Inherits the Wind
5816- In a globalized world, national governments' ability to tax potentially mobile factors of production is sharply circumscribed.
5817- It is time for both to realize that the consequences of inaction will be no less severe for the region than for the Atlantic relationship.
5818- The top priority turned out to be HIV/AIDS prevention.
5819- Much of the discussion of the US economy is of little help, for it is focused on the wrong question: when did the recession start and end?
5820- They are, Young argued, confined, even condemned to lower-level jobs, with no chance to rise to eminence, or even to a comfortable position of responsibility.
5821- When a fourteen-year-old boy became Turkey's first avian flu mortality last week (soon followed by two siblings), a government spokesman criticized doctors for mentioning the disease because they were "damaging Turkey's reputation."
5822- Overall, those who responded that they "strongly agree" that "Iraq would be a better place if religion and politics were separated" increased from 27% in 2004 to 41% in 2006.
5823- There will be issues arising where Americans and Europeans see things differently and are attracted to different prescriptions.
5824- Young Muslims, particularly in the West, are setting an example that is slowly being echoed in the Middle East, despite massive state repression.
5825- Many chemical mediators are involved, including cortisol and adrenalin from the adrenal glands, other hormones and neurotransmitters (such as serotonin and noradrenalin), and responses from the autonomic and immune systems.
5826- The best argument that the Palestinians could make against the fence is to make it unnecessary by suppressing suicide bombings.
5827- The war ahead will be a difficult one.
5828- Using some remarkable graphs, images, and other information, the film makes a compelling case that our carbon dioxide emissions are causing global warming, or, at the very least, contributing to it, and that we must urgently address the issue.
5829- Blair's solution to his Euro dilemma was to pretend that adopting the Euro was not a major political decision, but a technical question, to be decided on "purely" economic grounds.
5830- Yet when thousands or hundreds of thousands of people were exposed to mortal threats that he had the authority and duty to avert, alleviate, or at least announce, he failed abjectly.
5831- If you want to open "new chapters" in relations between old adversaries, you cannot simply close "old chapters" by denying or suppressing history.
5832- The unwillingness of frustrated minorities to accept consensus may well require the ECB president to take more control of the governing board than it has been used to in the past or, indeed, feel comfortable with in the future.
5833- The goal is to keep most of the force stationed at home in the US, with a network of lightly-manned bases abroad that can serve as forward operating locations during a crisis or war.
5834- The geometric average real return of the US stock market was 6.7%, but the median geometric real return for the other countries was only 4.7%.
5835- Europe's leaders should engage in frank discussions about where European and Russian interests converge or differ, and these discussions should include regional neighbors that are both producer and transit nations, like my own country, Ukraine.
5836- The weather is Mediterranean, and all of a sudden, so are the people.
5837- Between January 2003 (when his administration began) and June 2006 (latest available data), Lula's administration assigned 530 billion reales (almost $242.7 billion) to repay the holders of government bonds, whereas he devoted 30 billion reales ($13.8 billion) to a program called "Bolsa-Familia" that distributes money directly to poor families.
5838- Developing countries need to ensure reliable property rights and policy enforcement in order to generate the incentives needed to protect nature in the future.
5839- That is the most pressing immediate question, but America's leaders should also be thinking ahead.
5840- This new Russian concern is a window of opportunity that cannot be lost and should be tested.
5841- There is broad consensus in the US against a narrow mandate, such as that of the European Central Bank.
5842- They, rightly, will run down their inventories, won't boost production and will avoid adding to their capital stock.
5843- So, in the next few years, Central Asia will face leadership change on many fronts, with security apparatuses -- which, as in Turkmenistan, have been crucial to buttressing these countries' regimes -- likely to be important players.
5844- The bigger propensity of Italians to shrink the welfare state is not a recent phenomenon.
5845- People began taking matters into their own hands by attending rallies, signing petitions, and donating to political parties and activist groups in unprecedented numbers.
5846- On the surface it seems that Europe's steady integration proceeded in parallel with the development of the welfare state.
5847- The mosquito nets ubiquitous in my childhood disappeared from urban houses by the time I was at university in the late 1950s.
5848- Now, I, for one, am not quite sure how poky the medieval universe actually was.
5849- Investing fund surpluses in foreign securities would counteract the tendency for the exchange rate to rise.
5850- The world could continue to close its eyes to global warming and hope for the best: a slightly warmer climate that produces as many winners (on the Siberian, Northern European, and Canadian prairies) as losers (in already-hot regions that become hotter and dryer), and that the Gulf Stream continues warming Europe, the monsoons are not disrupted, and that the Ganges delta is not drowned by stronger typhoons.
5851- In China, for all of its massive problems, things continue to go right not least because of huge inflows of foreign direct investment and the imminent benefits of WTO membership.
5852- Agriculture and urbanization subsequently exposed us to yet more pathogens.
5853- Perhaps more importantly, the lessons gleaned from a policy of determined stimulus would be invaluable for other countries facing similar problems.
5854- The traditional hostility between labor unions and the world of finance should not obscure their common interest in using financial tools in an expansive and creative way.
5855- Ironically, China's current maritime strategy has its roots in the US, the nation that China appears to perceive as its key strategic rival, namely in the "sea power" theory developed by Admiral Alfred Thayer Mahan at the end of the nineteenth century.
5856- Moldova has been particularly helpless in the face of the Kremlin's imperial designs.
5857- First, banks still have few reliable means of checking borrowers' creditworthiness, including previous loans from other banks.
5858- For the moment, extreme nationalists and Milosevic supporters may feel triumphant.
5859- But the real economic costs imposed by the crowd mentality have been high.
5860- In Guatemala, the largest economy, less than 3% of workers are unionized and their unions are marginal.
5861- Today's intellectual property regime protects innovators in advanced countries by issuing temporary monopolies, i.e., patents.
5862- For the Palestinian territories, this means that people's expectations of the elections were probably too high.
5863- Should laws governing stock options be reformed?
5864- With Ph.D. in hand, Phelps spent a year at the Rand Corporation in Los Angeles before returning to Yale.
5865- SDRs are a kind of global money, issued by the IMF, which countries agree to accept and exchange for dollars or other hard currencies.
5866- In all of these cases, people somewhat sheepishly confess that their level of understanding was far worse than they originally thought.
5867- That risk is substantial.
5868- As a result, developing countries face a stark choice: take advantage of new technologies to stimulate economic growth and enhance productivity or fall even further behind as businesses and consumers in rich countries increasingly embrace digital advances.
5869- Egypt's centers of power, such as its army, businessmen, journalists, and ideological parties, played a prominent role in supporting Saddam's war against Iran.
5870- A generous visa regime and the use of regional development funds in Ukraine that will benefit impoverished eastern Poland, are two possible inducements.
5871- Even the experiment with electronic voting machines was a qualified success.
5872- Those who promote the idea of an American empire also misunderstand the underlying nature of American public opinion and institutions.
5873- But whatever the outcome, it is urgent that doubts about the safety of these drugs are resolved.
5874- In criticizing my book, a Wall Street Journal review said that I was calling for "Giving Till it Hurts."
5875- To be sure, if many millions of people are prescribed a group of drugs, not only for depression, but also for many other mental health problems, it is quite reasonable that some of them will suffer an adverse effect or reaction.
5876- It does not need to waste scarce money on diplomacy of dubious value--not when the country lacks an agency dedicated to helping Argentine businessmen sell their goods abroad.
5877- A realist in his bones, Putin recognizes Russia's changed status. But this recognition is not a confession of weakness; instead, it reflects his clear-sighted analysis of Russia's current predicament, and of the country's need to create, recreate, and sustain friendly relations among all of its neighbors if lost influence is to be regained.
5878- Moreover, while monetary policy has always to be conducted under uncertainty, the ECB was confronted with a situation of extreme uncertainty.
5879- By "modernizing" the seminaries following a single-party model, the revolutionaries gained control over them.
5880- But Chancellor Gerhard Schröder instantly shot down that trial balloon, declaring: "To be clear, we will send no troops to Iraq."
5881- When an economy faces a downturn, one should engage in expansionary fiscal policies.
5882- 2.4
5883- -2.1
5884- That sounds fine, but what, realistically, are the choices?
5885- The attackers have successfully stopped the flow of a large part of Iraq's oil exports.
5886- New confrontations would likely emerge as soon as a new government was formed.
5887- In India, newborn health forms part of the national Reproductive and Child Health Program.
5888- I have long worked to secure a "much more common" foreign policy within the EU. Therefore I am worried by today's split within the EU as well as between some member countries and the US over Iraq.
5889- In terms of drawing up a new constitution, the Lebanese principle of government by power sharing must be a central pillar.
5890- But this scientific hierarchy is false and misleading: we now know that biology contains more mathematics than we ever imagined.
5891- As the US de-couples its policy toward India from its attitude toward Pakistan, many old diplomatic hiccups should disappear.
5892- Considerations of realpolitik dominated: America insisted on its supposed entitlement, and the IMF acquiesced.
5893- These practices help prevent opposition coalitions from coalescing.
5894- The other two elements, which soon became famous under the headline of "two pillars", serve as a means to assess the risks to the goal of price stability .
5895- In fact, creating such a market is the most important step we can take to address longevity risk, for we could then discover its true price, allowing myriad business decisions involving longevity to be made more efficiently.
5896- Humanitarian aid is being delivered, but a distribution system safe from the predations of Afghanistan's warlords needs to be built.
5897- In fact, India's "reserved places" scheme operates as a deliberate smokescreen, for it allows the government cleverly to mask the real issue, which is access to primary education for India's disadvantaged.
5898- This is unfortunate, as this exploration of new uses for nuclear weapons represents a revolutionary shift in US national security policy.
5899- When the idea was first floated some 10 years ago, expansion into the Baltics was taken seriously by few people.
5900- President Bush has made this his top priority; for as long as he is in the White House, he will not waver in this pursuit and neither will his people.
5901- Prior to Dr. Krueger's appointment, no one said: "The IMF is truly international.
5902- The focus of attention today is on Iraq and Afghanistan.
5903- Only a naive belief in the left's intrinsic honesty could lead anyone to think that a totally dysfunctional institutional framework -- in Brazil, in Argentina, in Mexico -- and a history of what Octavio Paz called a patrimonial culture of the state would not generate the same consequences on the left that it did on the right and center.
5904- No one else loses if he or she is wrong.
5905- When hurricane Katrina struck America's Gulf Coast, that incompetence proved fatal.
5906- It allows for fine-tuning and self-selection of migration flows, yielding far better results than even the most well-meaning bureaucrats could ever achieve.
5907- But in psychological and political terms, the deal signed could only be perceived as legitimizing for Iran's nuclear ambitions, not to mention North Korea's.
5908- The next French president cannot control or prevent the forces of globalization; but he can have a major influence on the EU's development.
5909- Fortunately, politics is not mathematics -- though, unfortunately, this means that there are no clear solutions.
5910- This is, of course, at odds with one of the fundamental principles of physics: the second law of thermodynamics, which holds that entropy - the degradation of all matter and energy in the universe to an ultimate state of inert uniformity - increases as a result of each and every process.
5911- Therefore, the Iraq report is more than a plan to rescue Iraq; it is a road map for extricating America from the mayhem of an unwinnable war.
5912- This would seem to call for a very different set of policies to rebalance the world economy.
5913- In fact, has any country ever developed primarily through the wholesale importation of capital, expertise, and beliefs--the equivalent of globalization today?
5914- Stated nakedly, this view holds that growth requires two things: foreign technology and good institutions.
5915- They don't want to leave Cuba; they want to redefine it.
5916- Was it traditional fiscal conservativism?
5917- The heavy hand of nomenklatura rule was gone, and the vision of a new life like that in the open societies of the West seemed real.
5918- That seems a wise decision.
5919- In the United States, the Labor Department reports that in 2003, 14% of US workers in firms with 100 or more employees were offered stock options.
5920- If Latin America fails to deal with its new competitor, the peoples of the region will lose jobs and opportunities to develop as they should.
5921- Illness and therapy began at the same time.
5922- However, especially in the most competitive scientific fields, fraud often takes the form of forgery: the culprit fabricates data.
5923- A famous academic paper about 20 years ago showed that a random walk was better at predicting short-run exchange rate movements than any fancy mathematical model based on selected economic variables.
5924- Was it a failure of discipline and training - the result of sending inexperienced and unworldly reservists into poor conditions, abruptly extending their deployments, and then leaving them understaffed in the face of a growing influx of captured insurgents?
5925- Otherwise, it runs the risk of renewed chaos and violence, but this time in a more destabilized region, as Pakistan's current problems demonstrate.
5926- Its one-to-one peg to the dollar impeded the rapid recovery in output that its neighbors' flexible arrangements allowed.
5927- Investors simply made a mistake out of greed and lost, big time.
5928- It sought this change because it believed firms would not hire people they could never fire.
5929- In reality, the current relaxation is more likely a lull before the storm.
5930- Of course, that's an extreme formulation. Most Turks are less radical.
5931- But, since 1994, its lawless southern islands have replaced Afghanistan as the main training ground and refuge for Southeast Asian jihadists.
5932- At the same time, as Europe's largest consumer of Russian gas, Germany has built its hopes for energy security on developing a rich web of economic ties with Russia.
5933- The failure to subsequent non-discovereither y of weapons of mass destruction, or connections with Al-Qaeida, have both been shrugged off by George Bush and his neo-conservative cabal.
5934- In sum, the Constitutional Treaty firmly enshrines fundamental rights in law, and also makes the EU more democratic, more transparent, and more effective.
5935- "We must sharpen our teeth," Pan Yue, SEPA's deputy director, said when the agency halted the dam projects.
5936- Extreme weather events such as hurricanes and typhoons are likely to increase.
5937- Delaying the conclusion of the Doha Round negotiations carries costs and risks for the entire world economy, rich and poor countries alike.
5938- In fact, of course, the early advocates of democracy had all kinds of things in mind.
5939- On the surface, writers, directors, and performers seem free to plan and produce their shows with little or no supervision or monitoring.
5940- Instead of generating power using human and animal muscles, we developed machines that could liberate sunlight stored in coal and oil.
5941- Checks and Balances in an EU Constitution.
5942- But this crisis revealed these reports' fundamental inadequacies, such that users' experiences with drugs can never credibly be ignored again.
5943- The sums required from the international financial institutions were so large that it began to be possible for currency speculators to envisage circumstances in which there would be no help.
5944- But I think the crisis is deeper, reflecting a lack of awareness of the paths and goals of human development -- an ignorance that cannot be reduced to Western-style democracy or liberal ideas.
5945- Given the prospect of further leadership changes and increasing instability, meeting that challenge has never been more important.
5946- Finally, tightened financial market regulation could perhaps slow some of the hot-money flows that exaggerate the booms and busts.
5947- The move from communism to capitalism in Russia after 1991 was supposed to bring unprecedented prosperity.
5948- In fact, among the 12 large OECD nations, a higher degree of corporatism as commonly measured is loosely associated with lower employment and lower productivity.
5949- So there is a case for going back to political basics.
5950- A European Commission accountable to a divided European Parliament would thus be bogged down by the usual inefficiencies of coalition governments.
5951- Unsurprisingly, these regimes viewed the slightest criticism as treason and subversion.
5952- But peace was the principal driving force in the minds of people like Schumann and Jean Monnet at the beginning of the European integration process, as it was for Helmut Schmidt and Valéry Giscard d'Estaing when they laid the foundations of the single currency and today's European Central Bank.
5953- Even if "confidence" were the single most important factor, deficits are not the only, or even the most important factor determining investor confidence.
5954- Should instability ignite into open warfare, Russia will find it impossible to avoid the consequences.
5955- The Party recognized no ethnic minorities -- we were all, formally, equal.
5956- Complicated lines of transport using transit countries are often used.
5957- Now, with Schröder back in power, it's Germany's economy that seems the certain loser.
5958- He proposes diverting almost a third of the Social Security tax to private accounts.
5959- By contrast, the European Parliament has a better reputation than the EU as a whole: the average EU-wide level of trust in the European Parliament is 54%, whereas in Britain it is 30%.
5960- The realization that withdrawal from populated areas, and thus an end to holding another people under permanent occupation, was necessary to preserve the Jewish nature of Israel clearly brought the two of you to the center of Israeli thinking.
5961- The Three Mis-Represents
5962- The facts tell a different story.
5963- Economic historian Harold James sets the Bush economic strategy in its historical context and hears dangerous echoes of past American failures.
5964- True, the blind pursuit of profit is not the invention of any one people. True, that pursuit is a trait which is immensely contagious.
5965- I experienced directly the difficulty of trying to offer an alternative view of Iraq and its cultural life.
5966- Despite the advent of the European Central Bank, this asymmetry continues: while the ECB repeatedly tried to break the dollar's appreciation in 2000-2001 through consecutive interventions in the foreign exchange market, the Fed intervened only once.
5967- It is a severe and prolonged state of mind in which normal sadness grows into a painful state of hopelessness, listlessness, lack of motivation, and fatigue.
5968- I am not convinced by these arguments.
5969- This outcome would be accelerated if, as is likely, Berlusconi himself were to distance himself from politics in the coming electoral term.
5970- Many evade or reject paying taxes, in part by appealing for compassion towards the poor.
5971- Ortega's display of raw power is thus merely a reminder of his autocratic ways.
5972- Now the leader of the world's most powerful democracy seeks an autocrat's freedom from restraint.
5973- While our compassion is great, our resources are limited.
5974- The gullible Sancho Panza was meant to adopt the revolution's deceptive dogma as entitlement to wage a brutal war against all.
5975- I am old enough to remember both the rise and fall of the Berlin Wall, and the ascent and collapse of Nazism, of Fascism, and of Soviet Communism.
5976- Under current EU ETS rules, carbon credits generated by forestry projects undertaken in the CDM currently have no value, despite their obvious climate, environmental, and social benefits.
5977- Central American leaders could implement limited banking reforms to offer incentives to emigrants to save remittances and invest in their home countries.
5978- Hence, war initiated by the North, while not unthinkable, seems unlikely.
5979- The only losers would be the 25,000 rich farmers who currently divvy up $3-4 billion in government handouts each year.
5980- So the question is not whether Europe exists, but whether we are satisfied with the way it functions.
5981- Instead, the EU emphasized the technical criteria of membership. West Europeans did not seem concerned that early enlargement eastward might speed the consolidation of the region's democratic revolutions.
5982- NATO and its members are already providing the essential security Afghanistan needs in order to make its aspirations for self-sustaining peace and prosperity a reality.
5983- Poland's Catholic bishops, however, accepted the assignment given to them by the Pope and have repeatedly stressed that one of the Church's goals in a united Europe is to foster a revival of Christianity.
5984- The need to convince both policymakers and citizens of the benefits of vocational education and training is therefore pressing.
5985- The Bank of Japan (BOJ) supported the ECB, but intervened on its own even earlier.
5986- The change in priorities - and outsiders' tendency to overlook it - is not difficult to understand.
5987- But the deeper problem is that, in contrast with the populist simplicities of extremists like Le Pen, France's mainstream parties lack clear policies.
5988- Of course, good relations with Europe are a priority for Russia, especially economic links, human contacts, and social interactions.
5989- Here he gets a helping hand from party politicians, because the reformist parties inspire little confidence.
5990- The opposition's main campaign claim was a suggestion that the right is more competent than the left in managing the economy.
5991- Increasing the cost of raising a child creates a powerful incentive for households to reallocate resources towards improving child quality through higher investment in education.
5992- As the events of the French elections last spring demonstrated, when this dynamic prevails, the left loses the elections.
5993- While such interests do exist, they do not lead older people to close ranks and organize themselves.
5994- For one thing, it makes the President a lame duck sometime in his second term.
5995- On July 2, Mexico held a presidential election that triggered what has become a bitter political firefight.
5996- Now, with futures markets predicting that oil will be $50 to $60 a barrel for the next two years, demand for gas-guzzlers has evaporated, taking with it the prospects for America's auto companies, whose corporate strategies have bet on low oil prices and America's love affair with the SUV.
5997- Why has he ignored these problems?
5998- Of course, the Communist Party has deemed the Cultural Revolution a "catastrophe," a judgment supported by mainstream opinion.
5999- This enables us to identify the more important changes in sensation that are caused by external events and to distinguish them from sensations caused by our own actions.
6000- Similar manufacturing clusters are sprouting up everywhere in China.
6001- The left's advocacy of territorial withdrawal gained currency as a result of a general recognition that holding onto land, especially Palestinian-populated areas, is not in the national interest.
6002- But what primarily kept Argentines wedded to a system that could not work was fear of hyperinflation.
6003- The loss went well beyond the cutback in military expenditures, overwhelming the civilian industrial and agricultural sectors.
6004- A clear commitment to the poor, the sick, and the unfortunate must be the message of the left.
6005- This trinity is not something new for Japan, but has deep historical roots.
6006- Giscard's outburst was provocative for another reason. Turkey has just demonstrated the vibrancy of its democratic credentials by holding national elections despite a deep economic crisis.
6007- Sánchez de Lozada returned to Bolivia empty-handed, except for instructions from the IMF to implement austerity measures in accordance with the dictates of the US Treasury.
6008- NATO after Riga
6009- Beyond these changes are two others, which may be equally profound in their implications.
6010- But that diagnosis is suspect, because polls show that many who voted "non" were objecting to Chirac and/or to high rates of unemployment.
6011- During the 1990's, Americans' productivity soared.
6012- Sharon embodied a new national consensus, accepted by at least two-thirds of the population, that reflects deep-seated changes in the country and its situation.
6013- Wen's predecessor, Zhu Ronji, also said that his "biggest headache" was how to reduce the rural tax burden and increase peasant income.
6014- Why?
6015- (They are strongly opposed by Holland, the Scandinavian countries, and the former Communist countries of Eastern Europe, which are familiar with communist repression.)
6016- Meritocracy: the word sounds nothing but good.
6017- After all, he wanted to reform communism, not replace it.
6018- One such moment was the stock market crash of 1987.
6019- On balance, therefore, European and American women work about the same amount of hours.
6020- Kuwait's political system is considered the most modern among the Arab Gulf sheikhdoms and monarchies, because all citizens -- men and women alike -- elect its parliament.
6021- Four decades ago, Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer approved the creation of new textbooks that children in both countries would use to help heal the century-long Franco-German antagonism.
6022- The Dutch disease, however, is one of the more intractable consequences of oil and resource wealth, at least for poor countries.
6023- My impression from the discussions was that both Ukrainians and Russians in Ukraine were acutely aware of the need to avoid ethnic conflict.
6024- At the same time, if so much unchecked discretion was left to the Council, rather than to the Commission, "peer pressure" to restore budget balance might easily turn into "peer protection."
6025- Still, when representatives of the US and the EU meet for formal consultations, they arrive at the table with different perceptions.
6026- The former covers antitrust, trade, and the common currency.
6027- Each of them was motivated by the horrific lessons of the past.
6028- The extended family, indeed, remains central even in the large-enterprise sector.
6029- Schröders failures are less connected with his personal qualities and politics than is often assumed.
6030- Unfortunately, Iraq appears set to continue to be a major source of high oil prices, owing to highly erratic output.
6031- On 5-7 November the European Training Foundation organizes the conference "Learning Matters" in Turin, Italy, bringing together 250 international officials and experts from 58 countries to discuss new strategies for vocational and educational training in 40 countries neighboring the European Union.
6032- Undoubtedly, most Japanese strongly support the US-Japan alliance.
6033- More accurately, tax cuts were what Wall Street wanted, and financial professionals were willing to accept any argument that served that purpose.
6034- Perhaps the most important factor opening this divide was a widespread sense of déjà vu. Europe lived through severe terrorist episodes in the 1970s and 1980s, yet managed to overcome them with their democracies intact.
6035- A first-term Kerry administration or a second-term Bush presidency must make this a high foreign policy priority.
6036- Thus, for Tretyakov, "bad Bush and his Republicans are better for us than the very bad Democrats."
6037- Failure, moreover, will likely bring with it a split in the political class, making it very difficult to find a single candidate to become Putin's successor.
6038- The preamble has a binary choice: yes to God, no to God.
6039- Nevertheless, given the large size of China's armed forces, which currently stands at 2.3 million, a rough calculation would indicate that monthly spending per soldier is at most 2,500 yuan on average -- too low to recruit and retain competitive staff.
6040- Capital inflows produced a wealth effect, but only while they lasted.
6041- Meanwhile, the security dimension of EU membership diminished in importance when the US opted for rapid NATO enlargement.
6042- Soon, it may appear even more isolated to Russians, as Poland and Lithuania enforce the EU's Schengen border rules.
6043- To assure the experts that they could talk without fear, the Resolution gave the inspectors the authority to bring entire families out of the country.
6044- The aid remains too little.
6045- The people who rebelled against these injustices were not Africans, but well-wishers from western organizations such as EITI, the US aid agency Catholic Relief Services (CRS), and Global Witness.
6046- Noonan is not quite correct.
6047- Europe's churches may be empty, but religion still incites heated debate, this time about its place in Europe's constitution.
6048- Social Security's actuaries may not have fully recognized the impact of today's technological revolutions, but they have markedly boosted the scale of the system that the US government can afford.
6049- At that point, it seems, most farmers began giving the grain to their livestock and eating it themselves.
6050- Once the US claims the right of redefining or dismissing international treaties as it pleases, it can scarcely blame others if they do so as well.
6051- But Indian politicians' interests appear to lie elsewhere.
6052- The leaders that brought on failure and the groups that did not triumph become heroes for being able to claim that they courageously fought the enemy without being crushed.
6053- Whilst the Dutch Medical Association does not oppose the profession's role in the practice of euthanasia, current evidence suggests a continuing unwillingness on the part of Dutch doctors to report cases of assistance in dying to the authorities, and a return to practices that are closer to a medical context, such as terminal sedation.
6054- Walking a fine line in what was essentially a lose-lose situation, the party leadership laid out the stakes clearly and judiciously left the final decision to parliament.
6055- But the new president, whoever he may be, would still lack a legislative majority.
6056- The lesson was clear: attend to rural poverty.
6057- Finally, they need to attain a rapid rate of productivity growth, which can be achieved only by ensuring a high-quality, broadly accessible educational system.
6058- Yet if we take a very long-term view, it is not so clear that high oil prices are bad for the world as a whole.
6059- In fact, most international blog-hosting services are blocked in China, which provides a competitive boon to several hundred domestic blog-hosting services.
6060- Despite its lack of drama, intrigue, and competitiveness, the election was important not because Russia's political class renounced all the key elements of authentic democratic electoral procedures, but because it closed the chapter on Russia's liberal democratic experiment, legitimizing Putin's new Russian political system.
6061- The uproar caused by O'Neill's reckless comments finally forced President Bush to order John Taylor -- the Treasury's second in charge -- to visit Argentina on a fact-finding mission, but the facts could have been found much earlier had there been any concern.
6062- There was probably no other way to do it in Russia, but the Chinese path seems much more likely to lead to lasting economic success.
6063- So connected are these Africans that their forms can be reviewed - as they fill them in - by an American supervisor 8,000 miles away.
6064- But the EU's next challenge will be its new frontier: the former Soviet bloc nations - Serbia, Belarus, Ukraine, and of course Russia - which lie restlessly along the EU's new eastern border.
6065- This thought paved the way for the concept of a "genetic program," akin to a computer program -- a metaphor that became almost self-evident when the structure of DNA was discovered, because DNA could be visualized as a linear string of symbols, which is exactly what computers read as a program.
6066- The failed revolutions in Hungary in 1956 and in Czechoslovakia in 1968 foreshadowed the eventual failure of the Soviet empire in 1989.
6067- Another precondition for Mill was the ability and desire of citizens to make considered choices.
6068- Castro, and to a stronger degree, his comrade Che Guevara, were willing to let Cuba go up in smoke in order to make their country a martyr in the world revolutionary struggle!
6069- His decision to challenge Abbas means that the "secular" forces within the Palestinian movement may be divided at a time when rivals with a robust Islamic agenda -- principally Hamas and Islamic Jihad -- are challenging them.
6070- They congratulated themselves on their stiff upper lips.
6071- Larry Summers, the former US Treasury Secretary and now president of Harvard University, once called the single European currency a "distraction" from the serious supply-side reforms Europe needed to confront.
6072- However, the possibility that rapid growth might generate higher inflation in fast-growing accession countries suggests that a slight increase in the permitted inflation margin - to, say, 2.5 percentage points - should be allowed.
6073- Today, we believe that individuals, corporations, and institutions should be held accountable for their actions.
6074- Both the Ukrainian revolution and high economic growth have been caused by President Leonid Kuchma's patent habit of playing everybody against everybody, while abstaining from fair play.
6075- In the urban sector, it could have heralded a restructuring of production by promoting more rational investment.
6076- The Habré case poses no such problems, because Habré is no longer in office and because Chad, where the crimes were committed, and Senegal, where Habré resides, are both ready to see him tried in Belgium.
6077- If al-Qaeda was behind the attacks, it grossly miscalculated.
6078- First, how much conventional war-fighting capability should the US military retain?
6079- But the conclusions from these studies are difficult to interpret, in part because the nanomaterials that they used were contaminated with an organic solvent added to mobilize the fullerenes in water.
6080- However, by 2100, even the most pessimistic forecasts from the UN expect the average person in the developing countries to be richer than now, and thus better able to cope.
6081- Globalization, which can be defined as interdependence at inter-continental distances, is as old as human history.
6082- But Bernanke's impressive research on the Great Depression does not mean that he can prevent the next recession or depression, for stopping deflation hardly solves all problems.
6083- What matters now is whether Russia's economy will share Yukos's fate.
6084- It is important to clarify a few fundamental points regarding the Euro/dollar exchange rate, because this is an issue on which confusion--often generated strategically--pervades public debate.
6085- At the EU-China Summit, we discussed the Chinese government's plans for ratification of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
6086- True leaders, after all, lead by example.
6087- Now the Erdogan government's lukewarm support for US policy on Iraq exposes Turkey to doubts about America's commitment to its economic well being, and global markets may question its ability to service its $100 billion public-sector debt in 2003 and 2004.
6088- The European Union's leading country, Germany, failed to meet its commitments to its EU partners concerning its deficit.
6089- One of my clearest early childhood memories is of my father telling my younger sister and me, "Education is the key to success."
6090- Democratic societies, by contrast, need to be bonded more powerfully than some chance grouping.
6091- Over the last decade-and-a-half, executive compensation in America soared. So, too, did the fraction of that compensation that is tied to a company's stock price, to the point where the fraction related to long-term performance is quite small.
6092- The EU ETS's exclusion of carbon credits from forestry projects will remain in force at least until 2008, with the question of whether to include them subsequently set to be revisited next year.
6093- But there is one glimmer of hope.
6094- Once growth is set into motion, it becomes easier to maintain a virtuous cycle with rapid growth and institutional transformation driving each other.
6095- These cases have major implications for blood safety everywhere, implying additional restrictions on eligibility for blood donation and on the processing and handling of blood and blood products.
6096- The key for today's UN, therefore, is not to create more goals, but to implement those that have been set.
6097- We have choices to make about all our policies, and these choices are not morally indifferent.
6098- If Americans reject the president's policies at the polls, America can write off the Bush Doctrine as a temporary aberration and resume its rightful place in the world.
6099- They know all too well that whenever a secular and scientific debate has been permitted and encouraged, the general public -- regardless of nationality and religious or political affiliation -- has overwhelmingly expressed itself in favor of stem cell research.
6100- Even the tiny state of Qatar has the rabble-rouser Al-Jazeera television channel, which is watched by more viewers in Saudi Arabia than in any other Arab country.
6101- The modern world economy is built upon a complex network of global economic connections, and those connections are directly threatened by war.
6102- Even before the onset of the current hostilities, the possibility was raised by certain members of the Bush Administration, such as Richard Perle, and conservative media commentators, all of whom would gladly add Syria to the "Axis of Evil."
6103- Who emits into our political and public life the poisons of dissension, foul play, egoism, hatred and envy?
6104- This will please oil producers in other parts of the world, but will have enormously adverse consequences for the global economy, akin to those resulting from the oil price hikes in 1973.
6105- Indeed, sanctions weaken an economy and public health, but do not necessarily make it more likely that a despotic regime will collapse.
6106- Before 1981, visionaries who thought about the impact of technology on society believed that the computer would allow a centralization of knowledge and power.
6107- Of course globalization requires international governance and rules.
6108- Aligning the two memberships as closely as possible will enhance clarity and security.
6109- The range of opposing interpretations of religious texts is virtually unlimited, and disputes are seldom resolved by rational argument.
6110- Yasuhisa Shiozaki, who occupies the key position of cabinet secretary, is a long-time ally, while the foreign minister, Taro Aso, though a rival within the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), shares Abe's policy priorities.
6111- "Let's just remember that Iran is some 80% dependent on oil in its budget," she said, so it is "not really able to live with a disruption."
6112- But to retain popular backing will be a problem in Western Europe, America's closest allies.
6113- We should aim to develop technologies and infrastructure so that these other fossil fuels can be used efficiently and safely.
6114- One reason, not necessarily worrying, has to do with labor-market reforms.
6115- The EU will be tough on terrorism. But it must also be tough on the causes of terrorism.
6116- Bangladeshi migrant workers in the Gulf States who return home imbued with radical Wahhabi and Salafi teachings fan the fires even more.
6117- Which of these two outcomes will materialize also depends on what happens inside Berlusconi's camp, and that is less easy to predict.
6118- For them, legitimacy simply means that voting and counting votes happens according to undisputed rules.
6119- Somewhere along the line, Asef became a double agent.
6120- Anyone - foreigners as well as Germans - can commit Hochverrat [high treason] by using force or the threat of force to undermine the Basic Law, the German constitution.
6121- The MDG's also address the scourges of maternal death in childbirth, lack of access to safe drinking water, and killer diseases such as malaria, tuberculosis, and AIDS.
6122- France, in turn, had to swallow the Stability and Growth Pact to convince a reluctant German public that the euro would be as stable as the Deutsche Mark.
6123- It is not just that Chirac is corrupt, or that Jospin is dull, but that they have been around for decades.
6124- One encouraging note is that annual economic growth has been a steady 5% for the past few years.
6125- A real cow, as well as chickens and geese populated that ersatz farmyard.
6126- Bombings in London and Turkey have brought to the fore the old ideas that authoritarian regimes are better equipped than democracies to combat terrorism, and that such attacks are the price we pay for liberty.
6127- Ideally, Yushchenko should reach out to the new professionals who have not as yet been intoxicated by the pervasive corruption of the old administration.
6128- Our 25 nations have profoundly different historical experiences, geographical situations, and strategic sensibilities.
6129- Investors in such a situation take a wait-and-see approach.
6130- The same rule could be applied to other activities.
6131- Part of the answer may be that when students were marching in the streets protesting, they did not sing the "Internationale"; they sang "We Shall Overcome."
6132- It could also help the Bush Administration to come up with a more convincing procedure than the one presently envisaged for honoring the President's vow to bring the perpetrators of September 11
6133- Verdi at least offered his peasants that illusion.
6134- A political-intelligence-media network was constantly at work.
6135- 3.
6136- Globalization is increasingly viewed as an alternative to domestic structural complexity.
6137- The French perceive Europe as distant, technocratic, and often the Trojan horse of liberal globalization and deindustrialization.
6138- The US continues to subsidize authoritarian Arab regimes, such as Egypt (which receives at least $2 billion a year), because it buys peace with Israel and maintains US geopolitical influence in the Arab-Israeli conflict.
6139- The pick-up in economic activity in Japan and the US bodes well for the global economy in 2004, as does China's continued strength.
6140- Today, however, the real threats to the majority of the world's population stems from dangers almost unknown back then: poverty, hunger, population growth, migration, the environment, and the like.
6141- What was needed was an organism with a rapid growth rate, like bacteria.
6142- Eventually, they will have to recognize that modern nations cannot live by power alone.
6143- How far will the dollar have to fall?
6144- The economic importance of such remittances to poor countries in normal times is itself revealing.
6145- There was some increase in the number of Shiites who thought that there should be a strong religious element in national laws, the majority still opposed this.
6146- Today, a majority of Swedes appear likely to vote no.
6147- So far, security and law enforcement have been utterly inadequate to deal with past abuses.
6148- In their absence, personality and style, not political programs, have proven decisive.
6149- Democracy will push the ruling family forward.
6150- The Identity Clinic
6151- The Politics of Self-Destruction in Peru
6152- Instead, foreign corporations, with their funds, controls, and experts--and, just as importantly, their beliefs--dominate larger enterprise.
6153- The military, after decades of rule, has dismantled all forms of political organization -- parties, trade unions, and student associations -- leaving a Pakistani society immobilized, apathetic, and incapable of articulating its preferences.
6154- Indeed, many of the ingredients used to make nanomaterials are currently known to present risks to human health.
6155- Other countries did not drop to Argentina's level, but creditworthiness is an issue almost everywhere in Latin America.
6156- That gross imbalance in representation is a shameful betrayal of Ukraine's sovereignty.
6157- Taiwan's Democratic Taunts
6158- Further advances along these lines will follow.
6159- Shouldn't one of them at least be considered for such a post?
6160- Without a fundamental turnaround in American political consciousness, the unilateralist amnesia of US foreign policy will have far-reaching consequences and leave a huge vacuum in the global system.
6161- Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Descartes after he died.
6162- In the five years since the attacks, two audiences for the so-called "war on terror" have emerged.
6163- The extent of environmental damage depends on a war's duration, the weapons used, and the type of terrain and ecosystems in which it takes place.
6164- Russia's elite still embraces this vision.
6165- Maintaining the status quo is their priority, despite the international cost to Jordan's reputation or the consequences for the Iraqi people.
6166- Would he make the same wager if his own life rather than other lives were at stake?"
6167- The most obvious risk is that the elections are not concluded or that Yushchenko is denied executive power.
6168- The CEO's of many, if not most corporations, public and private, are retired military officers -- many fairly young.
6169- After the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in the US, many Americans drove to distant locations rather than fly, even though statistics showed that flying remained far safer.
6170- Largely independent of education or family, those Americans who did value stability and security could grasp it in the form of jobs with "a future."
6171- Schröder implicitly began to welcome regime change in Iraq.
6172- Nowadays, the situation is completely different.
6173- It is clear that the checks needed to prevent abuse in the Iraqi and Afghan prisons were not in place, and that the Bush Administration had created a climate that made such abuses more likely, if not inevitable.
6174- Ministers of Health continue to discuss the threat of HIV/AIDS in the same breath with cancer, diabetes, and heart disease.
6175- I propose to reverse this order of preference: countries should be allowed to enforce their higher national standards on imported as well as domestic goods, unless a WTO sponsored panel of experts finds that such domestic standards should be prohibited or simply are unnecessary.
6176- But central banks make decisions that affect every aspect of society, including rates of economic growth and unemployment.
6177- By taking the model of a civilisation that puts man and his dignity in a central position, it can also be the starting point for a genuine discussion on the future of Europe.
6178- In my case, the main charge against me was invented: I made no homophobic statement.
6179- Call this mechanism a type of kinetic form of SDIH.
6180- For Russia, the issue is simple because the crisis -- which has led to more homeless children than after either the Civil War or World War II -- is so stark.
6181- The difference between these two center-left leaders is not their electoral success, but the electoral system under which they operate.
6182- Whether individuals can repress and recover memories of traumatic sexual abuse has been especially contentious.
6183- The palace didn't impress the American.
6184- Of course, there is no assurance that today's expanded commerce will preclude eventual strategic rivalry, or succeed in erasing lingering wartime animosity.
6185- When a distinguished Jewish scholar thanked him for what he had done to cultivate Catholic-Jewish relations, he replied: "That was not me, that was Providence," and then added with his inimitable smile: "And me."
6186- The story's premise is that the world will run out of oil faster than we thought, as these billions of people chase their dreams of big houses and sport utility vehicles.
6187- Similarly, the two countries have a common interest in stabilizing mainland China's relations with Taiwan.
6188- In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, German immigrants, the so-called Pennsylvania Dutch, carried them to the United States, from where they later spread to the rest of the world, if only as marketing icons for Coca Cola.
6189- When interest rates fall, the opposite effect on asset prices may be predicted.
6190- States that are more racially heterogeneous have smaller redistributive programs, even controlling for their level of income.
6191- The parliamentary elections to be held on March 31
6192- Oil provides somewhat less economic power than gas because it is a fungible commodity, and interruptions of supply can be made up by purchases on world markets.
6193- In one of the film's many charged sequences, McNamara explains to a trigger-happy admiral that the naval blockade Kennedy had imposed on Cuba was primarily intended as a signal to Chairman Khrushchev of Kennedy's resolve, not as a means to stop specific Soviet ships.
6194- How will President George W. Bush's administration be remembered historically?
6195- After two years of rate increases, Australia's home price boom only recently shows signs of abating.
6196- Proposals for economic reform of Continental Europe keep coming.
6197- Everything speaks in favor of playing the economic-financial and technology card vis-à-vis Iran.
6198- Europe should base the multilateralism of its foreign policy on human rights, while working on reforming international law and the UN system to ensure that human rights win out over short-sighted political calculations.
6199- Sexual abuse is not invariably traumatic in the sense of being overwhelmingly terrifying.
6200- For a start, it means debt forgiveness: international lenders may not be able to compensate fully the damage caused when their money helps maintain odious autocrats in power, but at least the victims should not be burdened by a disastrous financial legacy.
6201- These values are the foundation upon which all religious and cultural traditions rest.
6202- The propaganda campaign against Vlad succeeded brilliantly, satisfying the public's appetite for sensation with graphic images of the vicious, impaling prince.
6203- They would smile and wave and throw us whatever gifts they happened to have -- playing cards, chewing gum, lifesaver candies….For us they were like heroes from another world."
6204- Dr. Jiang Yanyong may become a millionaire, wear any clothes he likes, redecorate his living room, even buy a car, but he cannot inform the public about an epidemic or write government officials an honest letter of admonition.
6205- As all but the most belligerent critics of US President George W Bush will acknowledge, America has taken an important lead in trying to make things marginally better.
6206- Meanwhile, massive corruption is devastating Egypt's economy, with growth falling by half in the last two years, accompanied by rising unemployment, higher inflation, and currency depreciation.
6207- The answer to that question is likely to be no, which is why Iraq probably will be a much less stable place a year from now.
6208- Who is right?
6209- Moreover, Japan's demographics are among the worst in the world.
6210- But such an initiative can succeed only if the American administration assumes leadership among the Western nations and sits down at the negotiating table with Iran.
6211- Indeed, America's own Millennium Challenge Account has already recognized such African countries for their strong governance.
6212- In the future, Snow will have to stand up at the podium in the White House briefing room and advocate the various components of Bush's ownership-society proposals.
6213- Indeed, Argentina has had its share of economic success, with an income level, adjusted for purchasing power, around one-third of that of the US, and is far ahead of most countries in the world.
6214- So pity the millions of aging Japanese who bailed out the world economy - America, in particular - and now have nothing to show for it.
6215- Latin America and Southeast Asia have rapidly increased coverage, but at the current rate of progress in Africa, 50% of women will still deliver without skilled care in the year 2015.
6216- The political balance in these countries has tilted decisively in favor of pro-trade groups with an outward-looking orientation.
6217- The surprise was not only that there were so many cases, but that the vast majority seemed unrelated to conventional economic reforms, such as liberalization of trade and prices.
6218- Some are more obvious than others; each devastates the conventional wisdom of but a short while ago (a salutary reminder, perhaps, of the precariousness of our knowledge).
6219- Was it to do what Democrats do, but do it better?
6220- Why Put Charles Taylor on Trial
6221- As long as the oil money keeps flowing, most Russians will express no nostalgia for the democratic opening of the Yeltsin years, with its accompanying combination of chaos, corruption, international weakness, and disrespect for the state.
6222- The new NATO-Russia Council created in Rome offers us an effective and flexible mechanism for joint analysis, joint decisions, and even joint action.
6223- The sleek footbridge swayed unexpectedly and excessively under the feet of pedestrians, and it was deemed too dangerous to use.
6224- Such proposals, if accepted, would help resolve the current dispute to everyone's satisfaction.
6225- This is what the ECB does -- and what the Fed's Alan Greenspan does not do.
6226- Turkey's bureaucrats, politicians, and citizens united to fulfill the Copenhagen criteria for EU membership and tolerated the pain of the IMF-directed structural-adjustment programs.
6227- Admiration for American values does not mean, of course, that others want to imitate all the ways Americans implement them.
6228- Thanks to Osama Bin Laden, Bush's popularity soared, and while his ratings had diminished by the 2004 election, his "war on terrorism" helped him win a second term.
6229- Even the captain roles are no longer reserved for domestic players: Thierry Henry, a Frenchman, is Arsenal's captain, Andriy Shevchenko, a Ukrainian, was often the captain of AC Milan and will play next year for the English champions Chelsea. Christiano Zanetti, an Argentine, is captain of Inter Milan.
6230- Meaning must be given to the provisions of the Georgian constitution granting these regions autonomous rights.
6231- "It was a way of waking up the world to the seriousness of the problem," say others.
6232- Moreover, while an air strike might set back Iran's program by a few years, it would solidify nationalist support for the government and the nuclear program, particularly because one attack would not be enough.
6233- Countries that benefited most from European solidarity over the past twenty years are thus the least eager to share with their poor Eastern relations.
6234- Such "compartmentalization" is as essential now as it was during the Cold War.
6235- Perhaps the most outrageous example is America's $0.54 per gallon import tariff on ethanol, whereas there is no tariff on oil, and only a $0.5 per gallon tax on gasoline.
6236- The rich world can redeem itself, indeed promote its interests in global peace and prosperity, by proving that the Millennium Development Goals are not empty words.
6237- Instead of being bottled up in Japan, the economic shock will spread like a tidal wave, just as the New York collapse of 1929 did.
6238- But, as Susan Bayley, a "Subaltern" convert, puts it, "the initial premise is that even in parts of the Hindu heartland of Gangetic upper India, the institutions and beliefs which are often described as the elements of traditional caste were only taking shape as recently as the early 18
6239- Unfortunately, rich countries contribute around one-fourth of what is needed, that is, $6 billion rather than $25 billion.
6240- Nearly one year ago, President George W. Bush declared his goal of bringing about a democratic Palestinian state, one prepared to live in peace beside Israel.
6241- But the administration's confrontational approach is failing, because it is precisely what Iran's rulers want.
6242- Once again, America's lack of commitment to multilateralism, its obstinacy, and its willingness to put political expediency above principles -- and even its own national interests -- has triumphed.
6243- I was interested in the nervous system, and thought it important to study it in a way that it could be summarized in the form of a wiring diagram.
6244- At the head of the firing party, a French soldier carries the Tricolor forward.
6245- To make things worse, there may be a change in basic bodily functions.
6246- Yet Arafat himself will be 75 in a few months and is clearly reaching the end of his career.
6247- If Iran did this, it would not only add to the dangers in an unstable region, but would likely begin a process of unravelling the non-proliferation regime worldwide.
6248- He successfully persuaded Palestinian militants to hold their fire and show Israelis and the world that dismantling settlements need not involve Israeli-Palestinian violence.
6249- Even though the oligarchs control all but one of the main television stations, he remains popular.
6250- All these methods have their problems.
6251- This question was addressed in a groundbreaking project involving a long list of the world's top economists at the Copenhagen Consensus last year.
6252- The Russian threat lingers, whereas the West is more likely than not to be too passive.
6253- The atmosphere of violence is palpable in other ways.
6254- Our partners in the Commonwealth of Independent States have inevitably drawn conclusions from Russia's demonstration of weakness and incompetence.
6255- They will then be forced to make public and explicit choices about the sort of Europe that they want, and this will put them at odds with their neighbors.
6256- Globalization and someone's vague idea -- no, dream -- of la dolce vita had reached the depths of Russia.
6257- They take place in remote and often unknown places.
6258- If inequality is one negative aspect of radical capitalism - to some extent mitigated by the public sector - the other one is the potential corruption of capitalist institutions: call it the Enron syndrome.
6259- But his words, however, had lost authority.
6260- The experience of perestroika underscores the importance of this question.
6261- Initial international reaction to the Hamas victory has been severe.
6262- Second, exporters who blame the current level of the Euro for their difficulties should wake up to reality. The current level of the Euro makes prices on both sides of the Atlantic relatively similar.
6263- In one of these captivatingly charming places, of course, and not as tourists in hotel rooms.
6264- For the first time, the MHRA made public a summary of the review that this decision was based on, including both efficacy and safety data for all of the trials, regardless of whether they had previously been published or not.
6265- The scientists who invented the STM weren't trying to build assemblers, and they never heard of K. Eric Drexler.
6266- Federalism forms a final barrier to change, by allowing opposition parties to alter, dilute, and reject bills that are detrimental to their clientele.
6267- Xenophobic parties are on the rise across Europe; in some cases, they are in office.
6268- When American Congressional committees weaken regulatory oversight of their business friends; when accounting firms surrender their independence because of the lure of mega-contracts; when corporate boards can't say no because the fees of board members are stunningly large relative to the effort; and when managers live in a frenzy of self-dealing, the stage is set for capitalism to lose its reputation.
6269- But broken eggs do not necessarily make an omelet: Bush's massive (and still growing) fiscal deficits have stimulated nothing but jitters about a prolonged slowdown in capital formation, household consumption, and economic growth.
6270- But the challenge facing Orthodoxy underscores the three options that all contemporary religious communities now face: to resist pluralism, to withdraw from it, or to engage with it.
6271- Not only are Canada and Mexico the US's first and second largest trading partners, but the three countries maintain a myriad of relationships--in business, tourism, and culture--that do not pass through their embassies or governments.
6272- But the Socialist "yes" to Europe should not be confused with the "yes" given by the right.
6273- The French referendum will determine the political fate of French President Jacques Chirac -- not France's commitment to Europe, which is fixed and immutable.
6274- Has the American electorate swung to the right?
6275- Indeed, the recent boom in some parts of the developing world shows exactly that.
6276- Too many factors remain fuzzy: the rate of growth of these countries' energy demand, discoveries of new oil reserves, developments in oil-saving technology, and the ultimate replacement of oil by other energy sources.
6277- 
6278- Its judgment recognized that the claimants raised "a number of serious arguments," and that the education system in Ostrava perpetuated racial segregation.
6279- The former president of the FIFA, Joao Havelange, often dreamed of a football match between Israelis and Palestinians: the American vice-president Al Gore regarded such a match as a means to help Washington solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
6280- Capital's piece of the pie has been getting bigger for more than 20 years, and the trend looks set to continue.
6281- But the Bush administration's exclusion of creditor countries like France, Germany, and Russia from Iraqi reconstruction contracts undermines this hope.
6282- All that is needed now is for Europe's people to be inspired by the idea of the EU as the prototype of a global open society.
6283- A second area of consensus has emerged from frequent debates on the potential conflict between nominal and real economic convergence between the EU accession countries and the current member states.
6284- The figure is 11% in Cairo, Egypt, and 17% in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
6285- But can the same be said for Mexico, where reform has stalled, or for Russia, where reforms have been reversed?
6286- They back Hezbollah -- and help Iran send it weapons -- because Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah's shock troops keep the government in Beirut weak.
6287- Their strategies bear only passing similarity to today's consensus.
6288- Russia depends heavily on Turkmen gas for domestic consumption and export abroad, which could prove vital as demand rises over the next decade.
6289- The fight will not be easy, but it can be won.
6290- We in PASOK, the party that I lead, have started to think through what we want out of politics in a practical sense and how this can be delivered in a way that respects people's lives.
6291- If the EU is to talk about membership with Turkey, there is no legitimate reason for keeping out my country, Ukraine?
6292- But today's young democracies have to do everything much faster.
6293- It is in recognition of the possible consequences - a return of US isolationism, the emboldening of terrorists - that many countries sent and retain troops in Iraq.
6294- Cambodia's government and international donors should respond to this demand by launching reform programs that extend beyond the life of the Extraordinary Chambers.
6295- These services, with names like Bokee.com, Blogbus.com and Blogcn.com, all comply with Chinese government censorship requirements.
6296- So our Romanian pig may survive after all--at least until the next St. Ignatius' Day--thanks to multi-culturalism.
6297- With its renewal, we will also renew our hope for a fairer and safer world. 
6298- In 1958, the economist John Kenneth Galbraith wrote the best-selling book The Affluent Society , in which he argued that the advanced world as typified by the United States had by that year finally emerged from "grim scarcity," when dire necessity dictated our lives, to a "world of affluence."
6299- They paid no heed to the large drag that Bush's unbalancing of America's public finances will impose on the US economy over the next several decades.
6300- Yes, the Rwandan government signed the Genocide Convention.
6301- When humans began to move out of Africa, they carried some of their pathogens to new areas, where they switched over to native hosts while native pathogens took up residence in the newly arrived humans.
6302- The amount of marble used for renovation seemed excessive, and the understanding of what constitutes luxury appeared to correspond to the standards of a Holiday Inn.
6303- Indeed, if all eight of the top East European candidates (excluding Bulgaria and Romania) join by the target date of 2004, the EU population's will soar by about 75 million people.
6304- In such a scenario, Uzbekistan could play the same cooperative-neighbor role for the US that Pakistan played during the latter years of the Cold War.
6305- This is not the first time communications has been a problem for the ECB.
6306- Going it alone invariably caused disaster.
6307- My student asked why Rivero stayed and he replied with the mantra he lived: "Why should I leave, this is my country."
6308- New Europe's Old Problems
6309- -3.4
6310- The new movement espouses the same program as Mr. Olechowski.
6311- Later, higher world oil prices provided a further boost to the economy, generating funds for investment and expansion.
6312- Indeed, the scandals look even punier when one realizes that the list of crooked US companies, like Enron, is short.
6313- He fought his terminal cancer for over 18 months, never complaining, always expressing optimism that the latest experimental treatment would work.
6314- Two other areas exist where practical changes are both achievable and desirable.
6315- Greece knows this very well.
6316- Finally, diagnostic classification provides politicians the language for building or dismantling health programs.
6317- The Zionist project of creating a Jewish state in Palestine entails a return of the Jewish people to their ancestral homeland, a land in which Jews lived since biblical times and which the Diaspora never abandoned.
6318- The EU's leaders are convinced that achieving the so-called four freedoms -- i.e., freedom of movement of goods, services, capital, and people -- will optimize the well-being of Europe's population.
6319- In 2001, the committee's Web site carried instructions on how to vandalize "immoral" billboards by splashing paint on them.
6320- This muddied legacy remains at the heart of Croatia's current problems and its relations with the Hague Tribunal.
6321- Or even any serious and incurable illness or disability?
6322- At a cabinet meeting after the vote, he openly suggested that his officials might have been just a little too "proactive" in achieving such overwhelming results.
6323- Unlike Germany, which repudiated its past aggression and reconciled with its neighbors in the framework of the European Union, Japan has never come to terms with its record in the 1930's and 1940's.
6324- America's Perpetual Christmas
6325- But by this standard, the preamble of the draft European Constitution drawn up by the Convention is utterly inadequate.
6326- That regime, in turn, is supposed to invite a longer stay by US troops, and to grant concessions to the US oil industry.
6327- Housing, particularly for returning refugees, will need to be constructed fast.
6328- If, at a later date, the woman wants to have a child, why should she use the DNA of her earlier, aborted fetus rather than conceiving another fetus in the usual way?
6329- That lead to Sadat's peace and Assad's 1974 cease-fire on the Golan Heights, which has never been violated since.
6330- Only then will they lose their vested interest in an insurgency that has no end.
6331- Most constitutions - including the American one - aspire to "freeze history," or to set up a lasting institutional order that will resist the winds of change.
6332- That is why the debate over the Stability Pact was so important--and why its demise is so disconcerting: the Germans and the French proved willing to sacrifice little, if anything, for the common European interest.
6333- The Czech Republic, Poland, and Hungary have each endured a government crisis since EU accession.
6334- But saying that a body means well and saying that it is actually doing any good are two different things.
6335- Or to a president of Venezuela whose intolerance of the business class causes jubilation in the streets, but emigration by those whose initiative is crucial for the welfare of the people.
6336- Huge investments -- worth trillions of euros -- will be needed to meet global energy requirements.
6337- There is also every reason to renew diplomatic efforts to bring about a lasting cease-fire and, following that, a settlement that addresses the grievances that helped bring about this crisis in the first place.
6338- As the old saying goes: Don't count your chickens before they hatch. The Bush Administration not only counted its chickens, it sold them forward!
6339- The problem is not that we lack good solutions.
6340- Both began their careers as Malay nationalists who sought to promote the rights of the Malay majority after the British left.
6341- The IMF's approach to the developing world is cut from the same neo-liberal cloth as the World Bank's, with scant regard for whether they actually fit the situation of the countries they are intended to help.
6342- That program, while similar to Arafat's, differs in key ways.
6343- As it turned out, such action no longer works in a world in which European companies are exposed to the scrutiny of international investors.
6344- Our hypothesis is that voices arise from different combinations of these three factors--reduced brain integration, social isolation, and high levels of emotionality.
6345- (Worldwide protests induced the Soviets to modify the penalty).
6346- Of course, many hope that someone will explain to Chubais that national marketization works best when supported by functioning social institutions and a social safety net.
6347- But instead of seeking to encourage these civic (and economic) virtues, the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) use threats of communal violence to boost its electoral ends.
6348- Slobodan Milosevic's trial in the Hague is a timely reminder of just how devastating terroristic violence can be.
6349- In the past, such a combination of countries was almost unthinkable, and these exercises cannot be explained away as simple "one-off" affairs with little resonance.
6350- Bush's response to the issue after it became public shows him to be focused on the trivial and morally reckless about the essential.
6351- This is not so much because further top-down measures are needed, but because market failures hamper the required bottom-up drive.
6352- Otherwise, Treasury bond yields would be far higher, thwarting monetary expansion by the Fed.
6353- Check out the elaborate and informative website ( www.edge.org ) devoted to the promotion of a "third culture" that bridges the humanities and the natural sciences.
6354- It developed through the indigenous efforts of Americans acting in their own way--assisted by extensive state intervention, through land grants to farmers, railroads, and mining companies, military spending that stimulated the economy (and still does), and, of course, tariff barriers.
6355- Skeptics doubt that this is feasible.
6356- Indeed, with China bent on unification, it refuses even to define relations with Taiwan as "bilateral," while China's growing global influence suggests that Taiwan's diplomatic fortunes are not about to improve.
6357- Public consciousness always uses stereotypes.
6358- A month before his re-election last month, Chancellor Gerhard Schröder seemed a certain loser.
6359- Indeed, he recently called the disintegration of the Soviet Union a tragic mistake.
6360- But this is precisely the point.
6361- Still, even in the traditionally weak-currency countries, changes afoot suggest that a turnaround in political attitudes and public opinion toward a stronger euro may be on the horizon.
6362- As tens of thousands of people were moved into tiny, standard issue apartments, many dogs were abandoned.
6363- That is only one example.
6364- Annan named a high-level panel of eminent persons to look into issues of peace and security, while a parallel group of economists, led by Jeffrey Sachs, studied what was needed to fulfill the development commitments made by world leaders at the Millennium Summit in 2000. In March, Annan synthesized their key recommendations in a report entitled In Larger Freedom.
6365- Refugee status is a humanitarian shelter.
6366- Europe does not want to find itself in this position.
6367- In Germany, Gerhard Schröder's narrow victory is made secure by the intense soul-searching now underway among the defeated Christian Democrat opposition, as well as because of the moral collapse of the CDU's junior partner, the Free Democrats.
6368- Pressure to reduce costs in the recent downturn may have accelerated the movement of jobs to low-wage locations, but this accounts for only 15-35% of the decline in employment since the downturn began.
6369- Before that, a petition, signed by roughly 80 prominent British intellectuals and a few from other European countries, demanded the cessation of European Union funding for Israeli cultural projects and institutions.
6370- In a mere 15 years, all of these countries have endured economic and political changes unprecedented in their scope and speed in the history of Europe.
6371- Ruling in the national interest, rather than for the benefit of favored sections or clans, we will apply the law equally to our supporters and our opponents.
6372- Why risk burning in hell for a kite?
6373- Czech Communist officials sentenced a group of young people to prison in the 1950's for playing tapes of "decadent American music," but their efforts turned out to be counter-productive.
6374- Indeed, nowadays meritocracy seems to be simply another version of the inequality that characterises all societies.
6375- Some will then try to sell their overpriced homes, and the resulting market imbalance will cause prices to fall.
6376- Yet the situation only worsened.
6377- But he and his advisors -- in particular Vladimir Zametalin, deputy head of the presidential administration and Victor Sheiman, the Procurator General with special authority during the election -- claim that they will not allow themselves to go down to electoral defeat like Yugoslavia's Slobodan Milosevic.
6378- We cannot always afford to wait for gatherings of world leaders and financial pledges from donor nations.
6379- Five weeks later, however, I was back at school.
6380- Nor was it clear which models provide the most reasonable account of the functioning of the economy, especially in a case where more or less heterogeneous countries were to form a monetary union.
6381- The nature of that failure, however, is disputed.
6382- To persuade North Korea to return to the six-party talks -- with China, Japan, the US, Russia, and South Korea -- on defusing the nuclear threat on the Korean peninsula, Japan, the US, and South Korea have now offered to expand the scope of the talks to allow North Korea to raise any issue that concerns it.
6383- But we can measure the strength of the connections between brain regions, and the strength of these connections seems to be reduced in patients with schizophrenia.
6384- Arafat's Ghost
6385- So rather than creating a strong vertical command, he paralyzed his government.
6386- Theirs is not a revolution; it is cocaine-crazed nihilism.
6387- Beyond the balance of representation in parliament and government, a balance might need to be struck between the highest offices of state.
6388- Africa's unity must become more than a slogan if Africa is to renew itself and prosper.
6389- In such chaos, it was difficult to do the reconstruction and development work that could have made Iraqi lives better and attracted support.
6390- Sadly, that seems to be the case in Russia, where the government has chosen the first period of prolonged economic growth since communism's fall--with the budget in surplus and capital flight seemingly reversed--to re-open the oligarch wars of the 1990's.
6391- Prime Minister Tony Blair can loudly proclaim that the London bombings of July last year are unrelated to Britain's participation in the Iraq war, but the terrorists themselves, once arrested, said exactly the opposite.
6392- Finally, China needs a new energy strategy.
6393- If they do, the age of oil will not end. But the age of worrying about it just might.
6394- But even in the poorest neighborhoods, you see satellite dishes on nearly every balcony or rooftop.
6395- Giving life to constitutionally defined political institutions is far more important to the course of Iraq's immediate future than the specific provisions that the constitution contains.
6396- President Lukashenko, however, has failed to co-opt all the key figures within the opposition and uncommitted sectors of civil society. Indeed, important members of the presidential nomenklatura have turned dissident and joined Mr. Goncharik's coalition.
6397- The Secular and Sacred in Europe's Constitution
6398- The best guideline is to not permit disagreements to spill over and complicate or infect the relationship.
6399- It is a serious charge, because the world needs a broader strategy against terrorism.
6400- After all, much of the Washington Consensus cannot be deduced from proper economic analysis.
6401- Still others-including the economist Martha Beatriz Roque and Dr. Oscar Elías Biscet, who are now in jail with Rivero-continued their peaceful opposition.
6402- As the so-called "clash of civilizations" between Islam and the West commands world attention, Russia's war in Chechnya has frequently been seen as a major front in that broader battle.
6403- Ironically, the most likely way to avoid large-scale confrontation between Fatah and Hamas is through an Israeli incursion into Gaza.
6404- Countries are getting tougher because migration flows can be diverted across jurisdictions.
6405- The resolution would not have the force of law, but its approval would mark the first time that a national legislature has recognized the special status of great apes and the need to protect them, not only from extinction, but also from individual abuse.
6406- If that dominance continues through increasingly powerful networking technologies, the chances of Asia creating a distinct unity of its own are slim.
6407- Deepening democracy in turn means allowing full civic participation, including non-violent Islamic groups.
6408- The Czech experience shows that implementing all of the European Union's norms so as to be ready to qualify for membership takes some time.
6409- For more than a quarter of a century, ever since advancing human rights internationally became an explicit and avowed goal of US foreign policy under President Jimmy Carter, American influence played a leading role in mitigating abuses.
6410- In his public speeches, Casper more than once suggested that the Vatican considers Christian unification its main goal, and -- most important from the Orthodox perspective -- that "unity does not have to mean sameness."
6411- This behavior could also be observed after the creation of the ECB, which has inherited the Bundesbank's habits about interventions.
6412- Sub-Saharan Africa is no different.
6413- The Politics of Frustration
6414- They have promised to make Africa its centerpiece.
6415- That won't work.
6416- This is helping to promote further instability in already volatile political contexts.
6417- This is not just a matter for politicians.
6418- America's sway in Iraq will be limited, but leaving now would actually make it more effective than it is now, and at much less cost in terms of money and American, allied, and Iraqi lives.
6419- Today, a wooden pole marks each mass grave.
6420- Iran is betting on revolutionary changes within the power structure of the Middle East to help it achieve its strategic goal.
6421- After all, it hesitated little a few years ago to put a current member state, Austria, on notice that it was watching out for the welfare of that country's democracy.
6422- At best, Europe should hope for a "more common" foreign and security policy, even though this fails to answer Henry Kissinger's old question: If you want to speak to "Europe," whom do you call?
6423- But as a matter of definition, if you have no duty of loyalty to a foreign country, then you cannot commit treason against it.
6424- But pragmatic cynics have been arguing for three years that such a solution is impossible.
6425- The Guardian Council's barring of over 2,000 mostly reformist candidates from participating in the parliamentary elections was the last straw.
6426- To do otherwise is to surrender not only our freedom, but our hopes for better lives.
6427- What the economy needs is reactivation , and government policies must focus on this task.
6428- But, despite the vast incompleteness of our knowledge, recent research suggests that most people think that they know far more than they actually do.
6429- Moreover, climate change is no longer such a long-term problem, and only the lunatic fringe remains in doubt about whether the escalating use of carbon-based fuels is responsible for global warming.
6430- This process must begin in school.
6431- Monetary union has been accomplished.
6432- As those policies fail, global financial markets are reacting negatively, adding uncertainty to the world economy, and there is little relief in sight, because America is entering a period of prolonged political infighting and stalemate.
6433- Young people learn English, German, French; they study computers and suft the web in internet cafes.
6434- But the IMF has yet to ask itself why these mistakes occurred?
6435- The United States Defense Department views China's goal as being to build a series of military and diplomatic strategic bases -- a so-called "string of pearls" -- along the major sea lanes from the South China Sea to the oil rich Middle East.
6436- Many places around the world have been in a housing boom since the late 1990's.
6437- Human beings are also changing the environment everywhere, often in ways that make societies more vulnerable.
6438- We Russians have no Victor Yushchenko, who from the start was the undisputed leader of the right-wing opposition.
6439- But Egypt's government is angry with Hamas for opposing the formation of a coalition government.
6440- One consequence is that international markets are not as dynamic as they might be, and prosperity not as widespread.
6441- Because the IMF is at a crossroads, now is the time for serious reforms, not a quick fix.
6442- Starting this year, this mechanism is expected to produce $40 million annually.
6443- One can bemoan this fact, but it is better to accommodate oneself to it and accept the notion that it will take decades for Europe to think in the same way on most issues, not least about relations with the US.
6444- Major disruptions to global trade, finance, travel, and production have dire effects on the world economy.
6445- While the directive's rules governing migration of employed and self-employed people hardly differ from previous EU law, the migration and social-welfare rights of non-working EU citizens have been significantly extended.
6446- Failed states incubate terrorism.
6447- In 1993, the EU took the first step towards integrating the new democracies of Central and Eastern Europe into the EU.
6448- Late last year, I was an organizer of a major national survey of Iraqi public opinion that demonstrated the complexity of the country's communal relations.
6449- Calling for the modernization of Islam by permitting clerics to reinterpret its laws in light of contemporary conditions is more acceptable.
6450- The phenomenon is by no means confined to what once was the political right.
6451- Language is an important underlying factor, and in Israel, there is the army, while in America, the values embodied in the Constitution still represent a shared secular faith.
6452- For Apartheid's demise has not solved the country's deep economic problems, including an unemployment rate in excess of 25%.
6453- Yet malaria is preventable and treatable.
6454- The vibrant pro-Western, pro-American, and anti-mullah society, on which American and European hopes relied, undoubtedly exists, but mostly among the educated and urban middle class.
6455- The immediate issue is management of the EU Council of Ministers.
6456- Yet Iran is also relatively isolated.
6457- But it was no single accomplishment that made Duisenberg's term in office a success.
6458- This would be a bonanza for Muslim fundamentalists, and could be exploited by all who want to prevent the development of a moderate, modern European Islam.
6459- In July, when Americans replaced the Soviets in our Berlin district, this changed.
6460- Not necessarily: for both sides in this debate are, in many respects, talking about different things.
6461- So Bush simply ignored the data, gathered by Hans Blix's UN inspectors, and the evidence on which he based his case for war seems to have been largely fabricated.
6462- Thus far, we have been half-forgiven for doing so.
6463- In Saudi Arabia, the average is over 6 children.
6464- In its most recent report on the global trade in illegal drugs, the US State Department stressed the increase in coca leaf crops in Peru and Bolivia last year.
6465- A protocol seeking to supervise the prohibition of biological weapons production has been rejected.
6466- It means rule by those who have merit. Such merit is usually understood to be academic achievement, a combination of talent and training.
6467- Indeed, protectionism can do nothing to reduce America's trade deficit and stanch domestic unemployment.
6468- To reduce the risks of unwieldiness, the ECB needs to reform its Governing Council now.
6469- During the 25 years of the spectacular rise of Latin America democracy, per capita income has increased by a mere $300. Even in Chile, which enjoyed high economic growth and cut poverty in half, and Brazil, which lowered the percentage of citizens living below the poverty line by a third during the 1990's, the concentration of wealth has increased.
6470- China first opened its economic system to the rest of the world, and only now is it thinking (a bit too slowly) about political reform.
6471- So nationalists in Russia, Serbia, and Romania draw on deep-rooted beliefs that their nations have special historical missions.
6472- A more ideological and antagonistic approach - in the form of increased political and social repression - could stir Iran's discontented masses, reviving the non-violent but radicalized reformists.
6473- Since he is an agnostic, his gift is not motivated by any belief that it will benefit him in an afterlife.
6474- Today, average nominal wages in the eight post-communist EU countries are about one-fifth of the West European level and often only a quarter to a half of Western levels of social assistance.
6475- They expect to be net financial beneficiaries, which would help them modernize.
6476- If a state fails to live up to its side of the bargain by sponsoring terrorism, either transferring or using weapons of mass destruction, or conducting genocide, then it forfeits the normal benefits of sovereignty and opens itself up to attack, removal, or occupation.
6477- The drubbing that many governments suffered in the recent elections to the European Union Parliament places them in a difficult position as they maneuver ahead of this week's EU Summit.
6478- But, in order to maintain the creditor countries' willingness to contribute to the Fund's finances, a strong link must be maintained between quotas, on the one hand, and voting rights, access to IMF resources, and financial contributions on the other hand.
6479- The judge's ruling spurred rumors that he went easy on her because her husband was related to senior provincial officials.
6480- Wars are mostly fought with arms on battlefields between soldiers of opposing countries.
6481- Falling prices also mean that even when the nominal interest rate is very low, the real interest rate, taking into account the deflation, may be significantly higher, so investment, too, is discouraged.
6482- Indeed, Immanuel Kant's old imperative - that trade is peace-making - should not be forgotten. Special resonance is added to this thought by the fact that Kant himself was born in what used to be K"nigsberg, now Russia's Kaliningrad.
6483- Europe's Pain, America's Gain
6484- Above all, the rest of the world has looked on with alarm as the US holds more than 600 men at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba without access to family or counsel, and without prospect of an impartial hearing or trial.
6485- Behind the Nuclear Cabinet of Dr. A. Q. Khan
6486- Yet the UN has done all of these things, and more, during the last two decades.
6487- Silence can be presumed to be tacit acceptance that rapid increases in long-term asset price are warranted.
6488- So standing in support of the ABM Treaty and its ban on all national missile defenses is of no help to anyone.
6489- Civil peace in these areas was one of the few accomplishments of which contemporary Russia could be proud.
6490- While no doubt willing to make use of Islamic extremists who dream of expelling American troops from the land of the holy places of Mecca and Medina, Hussein is the only regional actor with a global reach who is motivated to kill Americans for the sake of killing them, to avenge his regime's humiliating defeat in the Gulf War.
6491- In weighing these options, admission of the Baltic countries quickly seems the better solution.
6492- In Indonesia (and to a lesser extent Malaysia), science and technology, commerce and modern management as well as the all-important challenges of democracy, human rights, and gender equality are being tackled head-on in authentic terms of Muslim discourse.
6493- Troubled countries knock on the Fund's door for financial assistance only when all other creditors have turned their backs.
6494- American presidents have powers which are severely restricted by Congress via the US constitution; they are but one in a triad of separate powers.
6495- America demands that Iraq meet three criteria - promoting regional stability, ending its pursuit of weapons of mass destruction, and ending suppression of its own people - to which Saddam will never assent.
6496- After all, Ethiopia has never known democracy.
6497- Relative price changes could have occurred in two ways: either the dollar price of gold could have increased or the dollar prices of all other goods and services could decrease.
6498- President Vladimir Putin remains a fairly effective international communicator. Yet Russia suffered several obvious defeats in 2004 that tarnished its image and undermined its standing in the world.
6499- There has been a surge in euro-denominated international bonds, but the liquidity of foreign-exchange markets is no higher for the euro compared to the national currencies it replaced, and the euro remains a long way from challenging the supremacy of the dollar.
6500- Feared and loathed by its neighbors, Saddam's regime not only tolerates, but also actively sponsors, terrorism and is working furiously to produce weapons of mass destruction that can be used against Israel and the West.
6501- It appears that there is no way for political leaders to leave the scene gracefully.
6502- "It could happen here" is the shorthand phrase frequently used for a variety of alarming hypothetical scenarios.
6503- The new economy arrived after a decade of deep transformation within US companies.
6504- In fact, there is very little Merkel has to do after her election to make her mark on foreign policy; the visible change of style will suffice, at least at first.
6505- So perhaps there are lessons from that experience that can be applied in Iraq.
6506- Like Mahathir, Malaysia's fourth prime minister, Tunku led the government and the party for more than twenty years.
6507- First, turnout is crucial: who has voted and who has not.
6508- Some Shia may turn to militia leaders, Sunnis to insurgents, and Kurds to leaders demanding independence.
6509- Maybe better-educated workers do their jobs more efficiently, in which case we will surely find a clear relationship between educational attainment and economic growth.
6510- But consider this: Amnesty International and the US State Department have three basic indicators of human rights — the right to life, the right to physical safety, and the right to freedom from political persecution.
6511- These changes are meant to eventually benefit income distribution and to improve the quality of life for all of São Paulo's residents.
6512- The first alternative would steer the EU toward a parliamentary form of government, with the European Parliament entitled to both appoint and remove the Commission through a confidence vote. The electoral college method, however, could be a first step toward a presidential form of government.
6513- When Leszek Balcerowicz's Freedom Union in Poland won 13% of the vote in a parliamentary election in 1997, this represented a stunning success.
6514- Moreover, the Iranian people are overwhelmingly in favor of rapprochement.
6515- That provoked Israeli retaliation, starting the Gaza end of the crisis that Iran wanted.
6516- Kuwaiti Democracy in Action
6517- But, as long they remain relatively powerless, Mexico will remain unbalanced, deprived of the modern left that it needs to combat poverty and inequality, and hostage to those who still believe in revolution and the assault on the Winter Palace.
6518- Picking up the child is _______.
6519- Patriotism everywhere is always based on such notions.
6520- "I felt I had to reveal what was happening, not just to save China, but to save the world," he said.
6521- Extremist Israelis vow to fight to hold the entire West Bank, pushing out the Palestinians if necessary.
6522- A free society recognizes two limits to economic and general inequality.
6523- Of course, that makes the budget deficit larger and keeps debt growing fast.
6524- How many died here, and when?
6525- By contrast, Anglo Saxon common-law systems empower judges to interpret open-ended fiduciary rules on a case-by-case basis, thereby establishing legal precedents that are binding on managers.
6526- Signs of a symbiotic relationship between local separatists and regional terrorists have emerged.
6527- Japan and Korea demonstrated that democracy could be combined with indigenous values in Asia.
6528- Foreign central banks asked whether the Bank of England was contemplating changing its view of the pound's exchange rate.
6529- The victory of Mahmoud Abbas in the Palestinian presidential election poses a huge challenge to the Palestinian leadership.
6530- Rice said that "the statement that [Bush] made was indeed accurate.
6531- Not surprisingly, Iraq's child workers suffer from a wide array of serious health problems.
6532- Behind such differences lie deep political and cultural traditions concerning the role of the state in everyday life.
6533- All these developments subtly indicate a deep trend that can be formalized in one sentence: America's unipolar moment, which began in 1991 with the collapse of the Soviet Empire, is over.
6534- Even now, the IMF has not acknowledged the lesson: it still insists on further cutbacks as a condition for assistance.
6535- destroying the ancient civilization of the Marsh Arabs in southeastern Iraq, followed by the forced resettlement and murder of the region's former residents;
6536- That is a recipe for renewed threats, not only to Ukraine, but to EU members like Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovakia, Slovenia, and the three Baltic states.
6537- But harsh words have not been followed by a strong counter-attack.
6538- But Argentina did not make a successful transformation from a resource-based to a technology-based economy.
6539- More than 4,000 Taiwanese manufacturers have set up shop in Xiamen and Dongguan.
6540- Among voters who rated "honesty" as an important factor influencing their choice of candidate, 80% said that they voted for Bush.
6541- Whether he can be released from prison is now a source of intense speculation.
6542- It may in fact be a particularly cruel form of inequality, as those who do not succeed cannot argue that they were unlucky or kept down by those in power.
6543- There is still a chance to create a ``before'' and ``after'' in Iraq, and hence to redeem the legitimacy of the US-led intervention and ongoing occupation.
6544- The objective of amoral foreign policy is to sustain order in an anarchic international system by ensuring tolerance and pluralism among a number of independent actors.
6545- While these actions were important, many observers argued that NATO would have to look beyond Europe.
6546- The government pledged to reduce the tax burden by about 10% of GDP.
6547- In the last three years, much has changed - but much remains the same.
6548- For example, soft power got nowhere in attracting the Taliban government away from its support for Al Qaeda in the 1990's.
6549- Low-cost call centers in India or Chinese made bicycles do not reflect any "natural" comparative advantage.
6550- Now Bush will increase the number of American troops in Baghdad and Anbar Province and try to stabilize both the rising sectarian civil war and the Sunni insurgency.
6551- It is a deal that can only have been agreed to as the price of Russian support for Ukraine's President Leonid Kuchma as he desperately seeks to extend his presidency beyond the two-term limit that he faces this year.
6552- In any case, even if firms are cash-rich, they do not typically expand investment during periods when consumption is slowing.
6553- Even though a CEO cannot know everything, he or she is still ultimately responsible for what occurs in the company they run.
6554- Finally, President Bush announced that Taliban fighters but not Al Qaida terrorists would enjoy the Geneva Convention's protections.
6555- What is now clear, however, is that such government spending is really a kind of subsidy to the poultry industry.
6556- On a wider scale, it was meant to influence and win over Arab and Muslim minds by hollow but bombastic rhetoric.
6557- Hu's move lifted bilateral relations out of the deep freeze, where China's previous leadership had consigned them following Koizumi's repeated visits to the Yasukuni Shrine, where the spirits of Japan's war dead, including Class A war criminals, are enshrined.
6558- But the environment has been suffering.
6559- Despite this, Russia automatically opposes change.
6560- Studies of functional brain imaging in people experiencing pain tend to confirm this view.
6561- Surely, imitation will someday impinge on superior US growth performance as well.
6562- The battle will be long and difficult, and victory is not assured.
6563- How does society deal with dying and death?
6564- Living organisms obviously embody arrangements of matter into complex structures.
6565- But if high turnout, albeit based more on communal self-interest than belief in democracy, was the good news from Iraq's election, the bad news is the leadership they chose, which is not democratically minded.
6566- A rule that requires a rotation of votes among Council members, or that groups them into voting blocs, could replace the current one-man-one-vote scheme.
6567- Although full modernization of the financial sector is a long way off even in the best of circumstances, the minimal reforms that we recommend could strengthen the banking system sufficiently in the near term to support a more flexible exchange rate anchored by an inflation objective.
6568- But in fact, the discussion was largely meaningless, because the policies that theoretically would have sprung from the electorate favoring one world-view or the other were either unviable or already in place.
6569- The British are not alone.
6570- Inter-generational solidarity, however, is only as strong as the number of entrants into the labor force.
6571- Wouldn't futures contracts sound completely different if they were reframed as contracts for "baskets" instead of "hiccups?"
6572- Ukraine's current autumn of discontent can end, as Shakespeare suggested, in a glorious summer, for our protests seek to change our government by legitimate democratic means, to restore normal life, and to revitalize democracy and economic development in Ukraine.
6573- The Cup's explosions of proud nationalism hide more tortured realities.
6574- But Keynes's theory was incomplete: his was a theory of employment, interest, and money. It was not a theory of prices.
6575- Of course, governments could try to explain why they pursue deregulation.
6576- But it would at least restore the truth about the Cultural Revolution, summarizing its lessons in order to avoid repetition.
6577- This mixture of optimism and fear applies to everyone, Mexican businesses and Mexican families alike.
6578- Experts may say that short-run supply factors caused the recent price increases, but the price increases will nonetheless lend credibility to scarier long-term stories.
6579- A more general, perhaps more powerful approach, is for the international community to agree on general, enforceable political standards.
6580- As Iraq has shown, hard military power alone cannot provide a solution.
6581- So if things are so bad now, how can they get worse?
6582- Greater heat also speeds the rate at which pathogens inside them reproduce and mature.
6583- But why defend the arrest in a televised statement?
6584- The more that unexpected results, brought forth by research in the laboratory, are a precondition for further innovations, the more pressure there is to bring the production of knowledge under control, to direct research in specific directions, and to tame scientific curiosity.
6585- The euro must hold its own against the dollar--and hurrah!--it is now above parity.
6586- · First, districts should be drawn to ensure that all major communities in the country are amply represented in parliament and none feels left out;
6587- The fence is not only a physical reminder of the divide between the area's peoples, but also a cause of suffering for innocent Palestinians who are cut off from their fields, their jobs, and their families.
6588- After all, many Asian countries have achieved impressive export-led growth under the current system.
6589- Selecting our children raises more profound ethical problems. This is not new.
6590- The perpetrators of these bomb blasts are now understood to belong to linked, hard-line Islamist organizations.
6591- Appointments in European universities are often governed by complex bureaucratic processes that involve countless "judges" chosen from all over a country.
6592- Clearly, this devout believer was overtaken by the sanctity of this pagan temple and was praying to his own God in the only way he knew.
6593- It is time for it to take a bow and go home to Vienna.
6594- After all, the Soviet Union was a totalitarian state that could rely on a powerful and ubiquitous secret police.
6595- Apparently, he believes that the chance of killing an important terrorist leader is sufficient justification for firing a missile that will almost certainly kill innocent human beings.
6596- Of course, the Nehru family name still commands loyalty among India's masses, but that is a shallow political foundation in a democracy.
6597- This part of our patrimony comes from the Enlightenment, and grows out of the old struggle for the triumph of Reason.
6598- Even then, it took much longer than eighteen months to establish viable democratic orders.
6599- This means addressing the factors that contribute to support for and recruitment by terrorist groups.
6600- A more difficult issue for Hu could be intellectual property rights.
6601- When spectacular inflation hit Germany in 1923, it wiped out the real value of the (unhedged and unindexed) life savings and social-security benefits of millions of people, whose anger contributed to the rise of Nazism.
6602- Tropical climates and urban slums are humanity's front line against pandemics, and they should be equipped properly.
6603- Yet it is not the leading women who above all represent these values.
6604- Most legal terms and concepts are embodied in preexisting legal systems, whether informal or formal.
6605- If the moral test that I endured stands, it means that Europe has come full circle: agnostics are no longer willing to accept that being religious -- and having different moral views -- should not bar someone from holding an official post.
6606- Viewing the region as its strategic backyard and a source of energy, China is now expanding its influence.
6607- There is no way of telling yet whether these represent mere fluctuations in a slow recovery process or a break in the positive trend.
6608- What all this means is that Latin America is not shifting left, but settling in the center.
6609- Ironically, it is China's rulers who are now scrambling to resurrect Confucius as a moral anchor in a culture dominated by the pursuit of money.
6610- In announcing that it would stop accepting donations for the victims of the tsunami after collecting €40 million for that purpose, Médecins Sans Frontières noted its urgent need for funds for such man-made catastrophes as Darfur in Sudan and for the Democratic Republic of Congo.
6611- Other factors - the memory of the Nazi catastrophe, the example of life east of the Iron Curtain, the potential threat posed by Stalin and his heirs - also clearly played an important role.
6612- In still other regions, the main problems may be water scarcity, discrimination against women or other groups, or one of a variety of specific problems.
6613- Cementing and focusing political leadership will take time.
6614- But the response of some center-right parties in Europe has been to move further right, specifically in an anti-Europe or nationalistic direction.
6615- This was not the case at the beginning of Bush's term as president.
6616- Japan's chronic slump is a case in point.
6617- For example, the world's advanced countries are scarcely less dependent on oil today than they were in 1973, when the OPEC embargo stifled their economies and sent prices soaring.
6618- In this context, it was a mistake for Russia to side so strongly with France and Germany against the US.
6619- So far, no government appears to have fallen to that temptation.
6620- Of the three leading electoral coalitions that are challenging each other, the forces that supported the Orange Revolution seek a modern and democratic future for our country.
6621- Solidarity suffered that frustration in Poland in 1980-81, which prolonged communist rule for a decade.
6622- In contrast, applications by clinical faculty and women provoke far more discussion.
6623- Its importance--reflected in various forms of international aid-- has been very limited until now.
6624- Indeed, it might wish it had never secured Hong Kong's return.
6625- I credit FHC, as he is widely known, with making four key contributions.
6626- At the beginning of the Afghan campaign many military "experts" feared that the US would face a similar fate.
6627- In light of America's impending withdrawal, the regional powers are reassessing their interests and objectives.
6628- Nevertheless, the Conservatives seemed the more normal party of government.
6629- It is then put up for auction and repurchased by agents who in turn sell it to another unlicensed immigrant.
6630- The impressive counter-intelligence skills of the September 11th terrorists, as well as the coordination of their attack with the September 9th assassination of Massoud, the leader of the anti-Taliban forces in the North of Afghanistan, suggests, at least to those who doubt that Osama bin Laden could have pulled off such an operation without state sponsorship, an important role of the KGB-trained Iraqi intelligence.
6631- If the full benefits of trade liberalization are to be gained quickly, there is no alternative to resuming comprehensive negotiations -- and the tradeoffs between industries that this strategy entails -- by reviving the WTO's Millennium Round.
6632- Until recently, China feared that Russia's withdrawal from the region would create a vacuum that the US would fill.
6633- These are difficult times.
6634- Civil society and public opinion must also be included.
6635- Both leaders prevailed and in the end won elections.
6636- If oil prices remain high -- likely in the foreseeable future, given strong demand from the US, Japan, China, and India -- oil revenues could reach $400-600 billion.
6637- If such a consensus cannot be reached, at least Western powers and like-minded states must agree, as in Kosovo in 1999, for example.
6638- But nobody thinks that idea worth fighting a war over.
6639- New and True Europeans
6640- Khalilzad will have plenty of support in the Bush Administration, which is heavily loaded with oil industry executives.
6641- Getting Serious About Global Poverty
6642- Economic aid for poor nations is crucial, because poverty provides the tinder for violence, conflict, and even terrorism.
6643- But could most people have?
6644- But if the virus mutates into a form that is transmissible between humans, the number of deaths could run into the hundreds of millions.
6645- But now they are.
6646- That much is clear from the current debate on the Community budget.
6647- Premier Lionel Jospin, who was humiliated by Le Pen in being denied a place in the final presidential run-off, had presided over a strong economy, with many new jobs created, more leisure due to the 35-hour week, and some liberal reforms such as privatization on a scale hitherto unseen in France.
6648- The war in Chechnya may contribute to the moral corruption of Russia as a whole, to its frightening descent into a culture of violence.
6649- Moreover, ethics committees must be made aware of the special circumstances of sports, which limit the effectiveness of broader social policies on genetic modification.
6650- Del Ponte has called for "new partnerships for justice."
6651- Is that the choice we have to make then: freedom or equality?
6652- The bloody end to the schoolhouse hostage crisis in North Ossetia, and recent clashes in Georgia between government troops and separatist forces, have put the troubled Black Sea region on the front pages of newspapers once again.
6653-                                     tormented as if from pellagra
6654- The University of California at Berkeley is public.
6655- The risk may be slight, but if the consequences should it materialize are great enough, the expected cost of disaster may be sufficient to warrant defensive measures.
6656- Since June, US and world stock markets have declined by around 20% in dollar terms.
6657- Oxytocin is what bonds mammals to their offspring, and in humans makes spouses care about and love each other.
6658- The problem is that the US is dealing with states that are already weak and tenuously in control.
6659- In Tunisia, the average fertility rate has dropped from 6.2 in the 1970s to 2.3 today, just slightly above the 2.0 average in the US.
6660- Doubts about the authenticity of the final results will create a danger of instability.
6661- Dominated by amateur investors, home markets do not turn on a dime.
6662- Aid from across the world is making its way towards the destruction, and the US is here too.
6663- The whole direction of any country's economy depends on longevity.
6664- Monsieur Raffarin was right to say that austerity would result if France obeyed the Pact's strictures, but in debates over economic policy, the truth is seldom appreciated.
6665- Yet the Nordic states have thrived, not suffered, from a large social welfare state, with much less public-sector corruption and far higher levels of voter participation than in the US.
6666- Instead, anti-colonial liberation leaders often developed personality cults and hogged power for decades.
6667- Labus favors faster economic reform and is readier to accept Western demands to cooperate with the Hague Tribunal.
6668- Their policies were dictated by British imperial interests, and gave no consideration to the wishes, interests, or characteristics of the local population.
6669- Local climate change can, of course, exacerbate the situation, but given the scope for world trade and the existence of surpluses in many food producing areas, democratic governments can deal with the consequences.
6670- Or could it really be true that "Brussels" has overstepped its powers, forcing more deregulation than national governments wanted?
6671- These are not two fights, but one.
6672- President Lyndon Ronald Bush
6673- The difference between the Tsunami in Asia last December and what is coming to be called the Black Tsunami in America -- because it brought so much devastation to the poor, mostly black, people of Louisiana -- is striking.
6674- The American left, long silent on Cuba, has cleared its throat.
6675- But even today if I have to go to that podium to report on Stalin, I would do it again.
6676- A person who is morally sensitive to the seriousness of starting a war on the basis of misleading information would take appropriate steps.
6677- The situation is not bad enough to incite demands for serious reform.
6678- It is all the more irrational in view of the rather modest effects early retirement plans have on unemployment in general, and on youth unemployment in particular.
6679- Advocates of privatization claim to believe in markets, but they are proposing budget gimmickry that would move those losses off the books, as if markets could be easily fooled.
6680- But no one has yet specified what the appropriate outcome measures for acupuncture should be.
6681- When Kellenberger cheers on the rise of a civil society supposedly determined to "bring about greater respect for human rights and humanitarian law," he is mistaking his dreams for reality.
6682- One advantage of wage insurance is that it may be a more effective way to subsidize on-the-job training than traditional government-run vocational training programs.
6683- We have a historic chance of closing enlargement negotiations with up to ten countries in Copenhagen in 2002.
6684- The biggest change, however, has been in the duration of hurricanes: how many days each hurricane lasts.
6685- The link between Christianity and European civilization is breaking.
6686- The institution of Social and Economic Councils at the UN would mark an enormous step in the right direction.
6687- Caring about Animals in the Era of Foot and Mouth
6688- The Dalian local government constructed an elaborate software development park à la Silicon Valley, where students returning from abroad can rent low-cost office space for startup companies.
6689- Back then, the paramount question was: How did a small state like Israel defeat the armies of three Arab countries and occupy vast areas of Egyptian, Jordanian and Syrian territory in a few days?
6690- Having learned from the collapse of the Soviet Union that a bureaucratic ruling party must co-opt new social elites to deprive potential opposition groups of leaders, the Communist Party has conducted an effective campaign of expanding its social base.
6691- -3.6
6692- How would such a change affect European monetary policy?
6693- One is Europe's aging population. The other is the flow of immigrants from soon-to-be new member countries in the European Union and from outside the union.
6694- But as the world attempts to mount a civilized response to Southeast Asia's human tragedy, it must also confront the humbling amorality of nature, and thus comprehend the environmental effects that will shape the lives of survivors and their descendants.
6695- For one thing, it is still too early to judge the merits of the argument.
6696- To be sure, many of Iran's ruling elites came of age politically during the anti-imperialist and anti-colonialist agitations of the 1960's and 1970's, and still cling to that worldview.
6697- "In this war, some of the most critical battles may not be in the mountains of Afghanistan or the streets of Iraq, but in newsrooms in New York, London, Cairo, and elsewhere.
6698- The defining characteristic of the countries on the Eastern and Southern borders of Europe is that they lack many attributes needed for membership.
6699- In many traditional societies, where life choices and opportunities are limited, the Western, individualistic view of rights is very jarring. This is because the Western conception cannot be abstracted from the larger process of modernization.
6700- It only means that the total volume of German exports has been rising faster than the total German value-added in those exports.
6701- The key to oil security is peace, not military occupation and puppet regimes.
6702- Thus, Auschwitz is dismissed as a "detail of history," in the telling phrase of the French politician Jean-Marie Le Pen.
6703- Two views about today's prevailing exchange rates exist: the dollar is overvalued dollar and the yen needs a deep depreciation.
6704- Indeed, since 1997, there has been a reverse flow of capital from countries on the poor periphery of the world economy to those in the wealthy center.
6705- We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people.
6706- To top it off, Turkey must reach some agreement with its closest ally, the US, if it moves against Iraq.
6707- However, it is not always evident when people and parties stand for election what they are going to do if they win.
6708- As that reality sinks in, economic prospects darken.
6709- But turning a blind eye is shortsighted, for America and for the Saudis.
6710- Closer to the shore, many natural ecosystems, most notably coral reefs and mangroves, act as natural shock absorbers and wave breakers.
6711- Insurance companies have faced a slow and difficult process in weaning the public from these tendencies.
6712- The survey then calculated the share of revenue earned by each company in the zone in which it is headquartered (or "home base"), the rest of Europe, and the rest of the world.
6713- For these reasons, President Bush declared an Iranian nuclear weapon unacceptable.
6714- The Russian federation remains a collection of multinational states in need of some unifying idea of statehood and nationality to keep them together.
6715- Greece has just decided to support the opening of negotiations for Turkey's entry into the EU in the next twelve years.
6716- But two candidates have emerged as clear and constant favorites in opinion polls: Nicolas Sarkozy on the right and Ségolène Royal on the left.
6717- Job losses in the range of 60 million have suddenly rendered nearly an eighth of the urban populace indigent. Often without a dependable channel for airing their grievances, hordes of laid-off workers and retired folk have filled the avenues over the past decade or so.
6718- That realization prompted the all-Arab peace initiative of 2002, which established the conditions for an Israeli-Arab comprehensive settlement.
6719- It is unlikely that worldwide protests will stop the Bush Administration's war plans, but they will help shape the political, security, and economic ramifications of such a war.
6720- It is a bitter irony that the countries whose soldiers' lives are on the line in Afghanistan are also the biggest markets for Afghan heroin.
6721- Higher interest rates also raise the cost of borrowing to buy these assets, which may diminish demand for them, exerting downward pressure on their prices.
6722- Turkey's secular, capitalistic, democratic order has become especially valuable to the Bush administration as it seeks to integrate the wider Middle East into the world system by liberalizing its economy and democratizing its polity.
6723- We have to look at the reasons that real interest rates were so much higher 10 or 20 years ago, and think about what that means, and we also have to look at the broader history of asset prices and their relation to real interest rates.
6724- It is imperative for both economies that direct transport links be established immediately.
6725- So the question is this: who will Palestinians, in particular the Hamas constituency, think is better able to secure these goals, Abbas or Barghouti?
6726- When Judaism did not surrender, Jews were expelled or killed.
6727- America, Europe, and other democracies should not continue to do ``business as usual'' with Zimbabwe.
6728- Significantly, the six Justices in the majority in the Virginia and Texas cases also constituted the majority in the Guantanamo Bay case: the four dissenters from Bush v. Gore plus Ronald Reagan's two relatively moderate appointees, Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy.
6729- It is increasingly powerful, globally pro-active, and economically robust.
6730- Do Low Interest Rates Ensure High Asset Prices?
6731- After France's defeat by Bismarck's Germany in the Franco-Prussian War, Baron Pierre de Coubertin (who re-launched the Olympic Games a few decades later) recommended a renewed national emphasis on sport, which by this point was seen as a form of military preparation.
6732- The alternative, and much more likely, explanation is that these differing views reflect profound ideological differences that pay little attention to economic reality.
6733- Even after Europe's empires retreated, laws were still exported in order to foster development in post-colonial countries.
6734- But China's current situation is vastly different.
6735- A common quip was that NATO would have to go "out of area or out of business."
6736- Israel now faces three options. It can flinch while pretending not to; it can carry on more or less as before, hoping for some positive new development; or it can try to decouple Syria from Iran and Hezbollah.
6737- His crimes should be judged by his own people -- not by an international tribunal.
6738- What was true in Merton's day is becoming even more starkly true in today's globalized economy.
6739- It will be even worse if the EU countries try to mask their screening activities by inviting only diplomats to embassy celebrations in Cuba.
6740- Kunio Okina, director of the Bank of Japan's Institute for Monetary and Economic Studies, resists inflation targeting for this reason.
6741- Despite the shadows of war and terrorism, I called for a fair and free election.
6742- Substantial corrections will be required to the entire political agenda, which, multiplied by the astonishing ideology of building national capitalism in one country, is currently too reminiscent of the policies that led to the Soviet Union's disintegration.
6743- Capital will keep going to the US because America offers the best prospect for profit, which will keep it as the world economic leader.
6744- Grandparents are often unable or unwilling to care for them, and the pathological education given to them by criminal gangs often puts them beyond the reach of any institution's ability to rehabilitate them.
6745- American efforts to contain the Soviet Union ran head-on into India's aspirations and its leadership of the global non-aligned movement.
6746- Year after year, the Russian Central Bank (RCB) blames the weather, the poor harvest, or other non-monetary factors for its feeble performance in lowering the inflation rate.
6747- It has never been easy for a nation to face up honestly to the bitter fact of having committed war crimes, genocide, unjustified foreign aggression, or having mistreated and killed its own people.
6748- For example, when Western countries discouraged their oil companies from dealing with Sudan's government because of its inadequate response to the genocide in Darfur, China was quick to buy up the country's oil.
6749- Malaysia has agreed to buy 18 Su-30MKM's over the next two years, while Vietnam has purchased 36 SU-27SK's, 12 of which are already in service.
6750- They must expand into other avenues of appeal: public hearings, welfare lawsuits, enhanced media coverage, and other voluntary activities.
6751- Enhancing NATO's capabilities will thus prove to be the litmus test for the future of the Alliance. NATO will pass this test.
6752- Benedict Egbuna's five-year old son, Benedict Jr., born five months after the slaughter of his father, is a source of comfort to both of us and to all who knew his father.
6753- The US is the world's major emitter of carbon dioxide from energy use, but it has done the least among all major economies to confront the global challenge.
6754- This has led to aggressive US Army sweeps, backed in some cases by heavy bombers.
6755- One implication of this argument is that the September 11
6756- This is particularly true in finance and banking.
6757- Indeed, the time is ripe to offer assurances to the isolated Syrian regime that blocking Hezbollah's rearmament, stopping Islamist fighters' passage into Iraq, and improving the country's appalling human rights record would bring valuable diplomatic and economic benefits, including a strengthened association agreement with the EU.
6758- If Iraq's oil fields are destroyed or the war is prolonged, surging oil prices will hit Japan and the world economy hard.
6759- Labor unions should negotiate with management about providing appropriate risk management to their employees in financial forms: the right kinds of insurance, options, and other investments to protect them realistically without guaranteeing their employment and without jeopardizing the productivity of the firm.
6760- Sudan government aircraft and government-supported troops (known as jangaweed) retaliated against not only armed rebels but also against civilians deemed to be supporting them.
6761- In addition, many liberals, notably in Saudi Arabia, offer to work with the current regimes against the radical Islamist revolutionaries -- an understandable response, but one that strengthens the authoritarian status quo.
6762- Anti-globalization campaigners gripe that the rich are getting richer. That's true in many ways.
6763- Similarly, while a recent poll found that 70% of Hong Kong's people are proud of being ethnic Chinese, a similar percentage are ashamed of the conduct of the mainland government.
6764- Europeans often find such questions hard to answer, partly because there is no single answer.
6765- Stop-and-go aid has left Haiti in an unmitigated downward spiral.
6766- Of course, Poland's politicians developed a nicer phrase for such self-seeking. They called it "using power for their own ends."
6767- Like a blade of grass beneath a stone, culture knows how and in which direction to seek light.
6768- Was it preferable to start with economics -- try and get rich, quick, but don't rock the boat politically -- in the manner of the Chinese?
6769- If such a toll could be substantially reduced at moderate cost, the investment would be worthwhile.
6770- What are the requirements for dynamism?
6771- This demonization of the only democracy in the Middle East is a central part of the new anti-Jewishness.
6772- African countries have become large buyers of Chinese weapons and military equipment.
6773- Up to a third believe there might be a negative quarter soon, but by next year confidence should have fully rebounded, with unemployment peaking at 5%, a number comfortably below historical standards.
6774- Europe finds itself at a paradoxical turning point.
6775- We appreciate that they have beliefs, desires, and consciousness, and we recognize that they are solid physical things that take up space and are subject to gravity.
6776- So accepting the essential randomness of life is terribly difficult, and contradicts our deep psychological need for order and accountability.
6777- The Dutch fired not a single shot.
6778- Reserves are also clearly important for countries that produce only a few goods -- especially commodity producers -- and thus face big and unpredictable swings in world market prices.
6779- Think of the Kaliningrad-oblast.
6780- But the Wahhabis tried to appropriate Mecca for their own version of Islam, and to export their exclusionary doctrine.
6781- "The last time I saw something like this was in a Hamburg beer hall in the 1960's," the politician told me.
6782- But that hasn't stopped the Bank doing its best to hide this meager impact behind impressive-sounding claims.
6783- Strong majorities also endorsed the idea of a democratic system for Iraq.
6784- This is also one of the reasons few people have ever heard about the Greek Cypriot refugees.
6785- One week it is the UN Security Council vote about a continued US presence in the Bosnia peacekeeping mission. Before that the setting up of the International Criminal Court without American participation set both sides on edge, and the question of whether the Palestinians should be told whom not to elect as their leader.
6786- But, in that case, he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will, through the Gates Foundation, help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world's poorest people.
6787- Limited energy development in Africa has resulted in one of the lowest uses of modern energy sources in the world.
6788- America's reckless deficit spending is making all their currencies look like good investments for 2005.
6789- In the 1980's, its principal adversaries were the urban intelligentsia, who constituted the backbone of the pro-democracy movement that culminated in Tiananmen Square.
6790- The Problem with "China Bashing"
6791- Whatever the enormous differences that may separate them, post-communist Russia and fundamentalist Iran have much in common.
6792- In the prison library, however, Irving found two of the books he had written that had led to his arrest!
6793- The Court made short shrift of Ellwanger's claim, because all human beings can be the victims of racism.
6794- Two interconnected energy issues will shape our economic and geopolitical future for decades to come.
6795- Definition of death as "brain death" allows one to declare breathing beings dead and to eliminate the process of dying, in order to exploit the dying as warehouses of spare parts for the living.
6796- The best case would be if China agreed to universal suffrage no later than the 2011 and 2012 elections, gaining legitimacy in Hong Kong by backing reform of the political system.
6797- Nevertheless, Cyprus became an EU member -- but only the Greek part.
6798- Many will develop expensive health problems in the future.
6799- It will need to mobilize a higher number of votes to force Chávez out of office than it collected to trigger the referendum.
6800- The case points to several changes in the way data are collected and released that are urgently needed to determine definitively whether SSRI's are safe and effective for treating pediatric depression.
6801- But a member of Brave New World's ruling elite would have taken it in stride.
6802- Suppose Brazilian interest rates stabilize at a high but not astronomical 10%, the economy grows at 4% per year, and the government achieves a "primary surplus"--a surplus of taxes over program spending--equivalent to 4% of GDP.
6803- Iraq also is demonstrating the limits of illegitimate violence when combating terrorism.
6804- But unless meaningful concessions are made in agriculture, non-tariff barriers, and intellectual property rights, what do developing countries have to gain?
6805- The Orthodox Church has acquired enormous political clout in recent years, and few politicians risk offending it.
6806- If, as we were taught by Marx, belief in a higher law is a mixture of sentimentality, superstition, and unconscious rationalizations, then the predations that incited the Orange Revolution are in reality the only possible conditions in which we can live.
6807- The Niger Delta region, home to most of Nigeria's oil and many of its poor people, is in turmoil.
6808- But other key reasons for the slow pace of economic development in the Islamic world reflect the standard dilemmas of poor governance.
6809- Even Europe's leftist intelligentsia now associates crime and urban squalor with immigration.
6810- In the end, it will prove to be a false and misguided calculation.
6811- If such growth rates continue, we will see relatively poor countries like India, Indonesia, the Philippines, or Nicaragua reach the average levels currently enjoyed by advanced countries in 50 years.
6812- This is not as difficult as it sounds.
6813- The adverse distributive effects of market-based finance may serve to further strengthen anti-market forces in Europe, especially in southern Europe.
6814- Russia's uniqueness stems instead from the high rate of early death among males, which is directly attributable to poor diet and high consumption of alcohol and tobacco, and, indirectly, to the stresses caused by the wrenching economic and political changes that began with Gorbachev's perestroika 20 years ago.
6815- Whether they explode or not, these compounds are hardly benign environmentally, posing risks for both ecosystems and human health.
6816- The End of the Russia-China Debate
6817- As leading Russian military expert Alexander Golts argues, the problem in Russia is not a lack of central power, but of power exercised incompetently and without individual initiative.
6818- Its economic stability is dependent on oil revenues, so it is here that Iran's rulers are vulnerable.
6819- What will this mean for social policy?
6820- Global differences in income per capita are too extreme; globalization is increasing income inequality; the poor are becoming progressively poorer and many starve in order to pay their debt.
6821- On the issue of big versus small countries, Europe has a lot to learn from the United States.
6822- At the risk of offending many friends of a democratic persuasion, I have now concluded that the rule of law should come first when constitutionalism is brought to an ex-dictatorship, and democracy second.
6823- But Royal is confident in her fate.
6824- Securing a peaceful and nuclear-free Korean peninsula, a place where the interests of China, Japan, Russia, and America directly intersect, is one of the most important security goals anywhere on the planet.
6825- In a country where freedom of expression has been off limits for half a century, the Internet had at first proven to be a godsend: people poured their enthusiasm into it by building Web sites and personal homepages.
6826- But Sharon is 75 years old and probably within two years of retirement.
6827- Since the Wahhabis consider the Shi'a apostates, the challenge from the Shi'a -- both within and without Saudi Arabia -- represents a mortal threat.
6828- The IMF has recognized that there was excessive conditionality, and that these conditions led to a lack of focus.
6829- Similarly, higher deposits might simply add to some banks' excess liquidity, but others might find it attractive to lend more, providing a further economic boost.
6830- Football matches can, it seems, revive national rivalries and conjure the ghosts of past wars.
6831- Following the hand-over from Clinton to Bush, the US gave up its strategy of engaging the North Korean regime to moderate its behavior and thus unnecessarily reduced its own options.
6832- From this standpoint, this year's World Cup has not only witnessed the triumph of European nations -- all semi-finalists were European for the first time since 1982 -- but also the absence of even a glimmer of European emotions.
6833- As long as US interest rates were high, Japanese interest rates remained fairly positive, allowing the BOJ to moderate the effects of the yen's appreciation by easing domestic monetary policy.
6834- Even in Britain, where the sovereignty of parliament was until recently sacrosanct, and the separation of powers underdeveloped, a Supreme Court will now be created to scrutinize political decisions on the basis of the European Convention of Human Rights.
6835- Nor can consultations on how to deal with today's central global challenges wait until a crisis.
6836- However, in order to fulfill that promise, the industrialized world must give Africa a chance through the emerging international carbon market.
6837- Indeed, there is every reason to believe the contrary - that the Euro will lead to slower growth and higher unemployment.
6838- This means that in order to compete successfully with China, Latin American countries will need to increase productivity growth.
6839- Yet Argentina's debt to GDP ratio - even as it began to collapse - remained moderate, at around 45%, lower than Japan's.
6840- But outsiders will inevitably bear the lion's share of the budget for the tribunal.
6841- Why did North Korea risk taking actions that defied China, its main benefactor, and brought about the UN resolution?
6842- Chancellor Gordon Brown, Tony Blair's heir apparent, is particularly eager to go down that road.
6843- Similarly, many Africans were killed at the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001--Senegalese hawkers, Nigerian investors, Ethiopian or Eritrean drivers, Ghanaian students, Egyptian and South African tourists, and others.
6844- There are many who believe that this kind of patient leadership is incompatible with a Union of 25.
6845- North Korea, Iran, Pakistan, and other countries pursue nuclear programs with renewed vigor.
6846- Some even lost the land they had lived upon for generations -- the top soil simply slid away, leaving behind hard rock and rubble.
6847- But for countries that have scope to invest more, particularly those that are holding a surfeit of precious development dollars in idle US Treasury bills, the time may be ripe to reassess the balance of risks.
6848- When you persuade others to want what you want, you do not have to spend as much on sticks and carrots to move them in your direction.
6849- Shock therapy that ruined the economy and gave away the country's wealth to private but rarely clean hands?
6850- But in 1973, after crossing the Suez Canal, Egyptian infantrymen by the thousand stood their ground unflinchingly against advancing Israeli battle tanks.
6851- Indeed, the EU represents many things simultaneously.
6852- Last January, after the tsunami, in response to widespread calls for an early warning system, I observed that the world had been given an early warning on global warming.
6853- Vicente Fox has said that he wants more, and he should keep his word.
6854- This would almost certainly happen if and when the US takes on Iraq.
6855- 
6856- Once its divide marked the chasm between Left and Right. Today it marks the economy's division between its public and private sectors.
6857- Once classified, we will then be able to make predictions about two closely related species based on incomplete information about either, buying time and saving money.
6858- But it is well advised to avoid being suspected of hegemonic goals.
6859- Let us go farther: Who allows young people to bathe from morning till night in blood flowing on television and movie screens, and yet are sanctimonious and astonished about the aggressiveness of the young?
6860- So far, the only lesson Israel seems to have drawn from its failed strategies is that it must extend and intensify the use of unilateral force: re-invade Gaza, devastate Lebanon, and threaten Syria and, by implication, Iran, which the Israeli government hints, had a hand in orchestrating the recent crisis.
6861- Nowadays, what typically tries to pass as a "free market economy" is a corporatist economy in which government uses its powers to advance the interests of business, often at the expense of consumers.
6862- We also envisage detailed neighborhood planning aimed at adding more public space.
6863- Most major countries now have some kind of agency that issues general calls for proposals and uses peer review to evaluate them.
6864- Similarly, China is building container port facilities at Chittagong in Bangladesh for its naval and merchant fleets, as well as more naval bases and electronic intelligence gathering facilities on islands owned by Myanmar in the Gulf of Bengal.
6865- Theodore Sorensen summarized them in this way:
6866- 
6867- Sometimes the transplant works well enough, but it does not address the central problem: What is the nature of the information conveyed between each level, and how is it conveyed?
6868- If they wish to stay the course in the struggle against international terrorism, European leaders must take a leaf or two from Blair's book.
6869- Moreover, a "balance of imbalance" promoted a sense of equality.
6870- Until that money is available, the UN and its many multilateral partners will remain collectively unprepared to aid these post-conflict societies at their moment of greatest political opportunity and economic need.
6871- A ``Ukrainian Spring'' will surely come if we seize the moment!
6872- But the companies argue that there is absolutely no other way to compete -- they must either comply with censorship or discontinue business.
6873- But individual wealth becomes a problem only if and when it can be used to restrict others' chances of participation.
6874- But the massive undertaking required to "improve health practices in the poorest countries of the world" plays better on the editorial page than on the ground.
6875- If it can be convincingly shown that a group has been the victim of a past injustice, the group in question obtains a bottomless line of moral credit.
6876- Even Afghan expatriates in the Gulf states, who have invested roughly $5 billion in regional and global trading networks, are reluctant to invest in their homeland.
6877- The difference is reflected in economic growth.
6878- The UN provides the mechanism for a global response, but as Kofi Annan often repeats, it does not exist apart from its member states.
6879- For a long period of time, President Putin's Kremlin continued the close cooperation with Mr. Lukashenko pursued by President Yeltsin.
6880- Given that everything that happens is somehow a consequence of decision-making, the distinction between killing someone and letting her die is unconvincing.
6881- I have always been skeptical about the rhetoric of a "common" foreign policy for the EU.
6882- But America, in its global war on terror, has justifiably lost interest in bearing Asia's many military burdens alone.
6883- If the economic impact of China's growing global importance on southern Africa is promising, but uncertain, what about the geopolitical implications?
6884- Can they be changed?
6885- There is a better way.
6886- Righting Reform
6887- It is also a crisis of emerging infectious diseases (EID's), such as HIV in humans, Ebola in humans and gorillas, West Nile virus and Avian Influenza in humans and birds, chytrid fungi in amphibians, and distemper in sea lions.
6888- This, too, should be a high priority of a true development round.
6889- This is a grotesque failure of leadership.
6890- But they remain in existence three decades later.
6891- After the World Fellows Dinner, the Fellow from Namibia was extolling to me, in impeccable and relaxed English, the beautiful vacation homes I might find (and even buy) there.
6892- But cells with mutated BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes are unable to undergo recombination and are therefore much more sensitive to an increased level of unrepaired single-strand breaks.
6893- Perhaps it is only troubled, like IBM once was.
6894- At other times simple rent-seeking behavior by officials, aided and abetted by outsiders, is the outcome.
6895- In Canada, for example, it would be risky to overlook the special interests of Quebec.
6896- But as Prague's "Velvet Revolution" of 1989 demonstrated, as a last resort peaceful protests can galvanize a nation into ridding itself of a corrupt, undemocratic regime.
6897- The BOJ's hidebound policies are usually blamed for Japan's deflation.
6898- Each country draws up a list of what to be done, and each government is held accountable in terms of its performance.
6899- But development at this level may not be the problem.
6900- The Palestinians' demand for the right of return has an analogous meaning.
6901- Given this history, and the storm of calls for reform in the Arab world, it is a tragic irony that America and the West have paid so little attention to the terrestrial Arab monopoly television channels.
6902- Both prospects would be reason enough for staying away from the project altogether.
6903- In the 60 years since World War II came to an end, we have counted on each other in times of peril and challenge.
6904- The attack on Khodorkovsky clearly demonstrates that prosecutors and courts can readily be manipulated by the politically powerful.
6905- We're making changes at the top in order to open up our party to greater participation.
6906- Devotees of the New Imperialism would say, "Don't to be so literal."
6907- It is certainly not in the interest of China or India to remain poor.
6908- Gorbachev's foreign policy, which he called "new thinking," also contributed to the Cold War's end.
6909- America's partners may provide them.
6910- Furthermore, Afghanistan's neighbors must do more to stop insurgents, weapons, money, and chemical precursors from flowing across their borders into the country.
6911- By doing so, and then auctioning that property in a transparent manner, Ukrainians saw that arbitrary action could be redressed, that the rule of law applied to the powerful as well as the weak.
6912- A dominant pattern in both the US and Latin America has been the resistance of the dominant white communities to sharing in the financing of public investments in the "human capital" (health and education) of the black and indigenous communities.
6913- Confusion and doubts arise now because of vagueness about the likely uses of the Rapid Reaction Force, a key step in developing these common policies.
6914- Much of what must be done entails not the rebuilding of atrophied or destroyed institutions, but rather the establishment of institutions that never existed.
6915- Strong political commitments are needed to provide the aid that is needed to accelerate progress, and to secure success for the Doha trade round that is so crucial for developing countries' longer-term prospects.
6916- Today's gleaming, modern Malaysia is unimaginable without Mahathir and UMNO, which also produced Tunku Abdul Rahman, the country's first prime minister.
6917- Rather, it increases the prospects of corrupt leakage that may allow terrorist groups access to nuclear weapons.
6918- In financial restructuring much of what will be done will only involve moving the furniture -- ie, shifting responsibility for debts from one institution to another.
6919- The demonstrations that will rock European cities the day Iraq is attacked must be counteracted in advance by unequivocal European statements to that effect.
6920- First, the Constitutional Treaty guarantees that the Union's institutions will respect the fundamental rights of everyone within the EU.
6921- Unfortunately, financial analysts are usually poorly trained in economics.
6922- If American, British, and other Western officials are serious about reform in the Arab world, they must support reform-minded Arab individuals and organizations, even if those organizations make them uncomfortable at times.
6923- Not only is the region important for meeting China's growing energy needs, but the Chinese authorities also are concerned about separatist pressures among the Uighur population in Xinjiang province and the impact of ties with Uighurs in neighboring Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.
6924- Melting Pot or Economic Meltdown
6925- The international monetary and financial system has witnessed tremendous change over the recent decades.
6926- Supporters of a common EU foreign/defense policy see a Europe capable of looking after its own defense as a better partner for the US.
6927- But neither the Kremlin's power elite, the bureaucracy, nor the oligarchs seem capable of reforming themselves.
6928- For more than a decade, Italy has been ruled through a bipolar political system.
6929- But what is the right level?
6930- The EU is left in an untenable position, with an enlarged membership of 27 states and a governing structure designed for six.
6931- Surveys of public opinion all over the world find that most people believe that emotional problems, including those deemed severe, such as hearing voices, are primarily caused by bad things happening to us rather than by faulty brains or genes.
6932- Small right-wing parties in his coalition have already announced that his determination to do so will make them walk out of the government.
6933- Premiums will have to increase to cover the losses, and those with a good genetic prognosis may opt out of life insurance to avoid subsidizing the cheats, driving premiums higher still.
6934- Everyone dies alone.
6935- This has left the US not only deeply divided, but also at loggerheads with much of the rest of the world, which considers our policies high-handed and arbitrary.
6936- Real GDP growth in Japan and western Europe is unlikely to reach even half the pace seen in the US.
6937- I was not dropped; I finished first in my class.
6938- In fact, the allegedly Islamic party had skilfully managed to negotiate with an unrelenting US, consult with the Turkish military and President, and share all information with the public and parliament.
6939- But reasons to be hopeful about the long-term political future do exist.
6940- The last thing that Bush's Republicans want is to appear indifferent to the plight of the middle classes.
6941- The concept of Europe is not immutable, and rightly so.
6942- Important as they are, however, the prisoners are not the crux of the matter. The real issue is the unilateralism that has been adopted by the major parties that have ruled Israel.
6943- Thanks to the World Cup, one is a citizen of the world, enjoying a spectacle together with billions of others on "Planet Soccer."
6944- A professor of French at Tbilisi University says that "75% of high school graduates who enter the university no longer know even the multiplication table, let alone French or other foreign languages."
6945- Second, as the Pew poll suggests, today's weakening of democratic culture usually takes the form of nostalgia for strong leadership - a clear incitement to launching coups.
6946- The authorities clearly wish to control the extent of the thaw in Syria's political culture.
6947- In short, France does not want any of these people to be President, and Chirac's large eventual victory will not correspond to any large degree of legitimacy.
6948- A good place to begin would be to form, before the next General Assembly, a caucus of democratic states to coordinate their actions and establish common positions.
6949- Bush administration officials argue that the new plan is "not an open-ended commitment: we are putting real, specific requirements and expectations on the Iraqi government."
6950- In contrast to old leftist slogans against repaying foreign debt, Lula's government has hurried to settle all of its IMF obligations in advance.
6951- So how does Musharraf survive?
6952- The commitment to European integration requires a common vernacular, and that is English.
6953- The need for change in America's policy toward the rest of the hemisphere is two-fold.
6954- The very fact, he reasoned, that these features make life harder signals to prospective partners that individuals who can do reasonably well with them have an especially good genetic set-up and are thus likely to produce strong offspring.
6955- They were soon marginalized, drawing praise from Washington.
6956- It was a system almost too good to be true: while executives received millions in compensation, no one seemed to be bearing the cost.
6957- Security forces have not helped resolved them.
6958- But if this capacity is impaired, neither the low road of protection nor the high road of free trade can do much good.
6959- What, then, is an economist to do?
6960- Europe's Unity in European Values
6961- When Mubarak became president in 1981, parliament granted him the right to control all military contracts without legislative oversight.
6962- The list goes on.
6963- But Obasanjo's adversaries have joined the battle, and the president lacks the two-thirds majority needed in both the federal and state legislatures to remain in power after next year.
6964- The intangibles of freedom will determine the vitality and future of Hong Kong.
6965- Today, parts of the ruling Ba'ath elite worry about Syria's deepening alliance with theocratic Iran and Islamist Hezbollah.
6966- That panic incited a widespread banking failure.
6967- Some issues are non-negotiable, because they are pillars of the European model that we seek to share with the world.
6968- Market forces and openness combine to increase the efficiency of many vital systems--transportation, information, and energy--but also make them more vulnerable.
6969- Yet the emotional response of digging in deeper simply compounds the political errors of the war itself.
6970- Why, then, be concerned that the new trade agreement restricts what Chile is not doing?
6971- Both India and Pakistan are nuclear powers, and the history of bloody warfare between them presents a major and ongoing security threat to South Asia.
6972- Only this model has any chance of persuading societies that still view democracy with suspicion and hostility.
6973- Syrian poet and political analyst Ammar Abdulhamid suggests that a thaw - if not quite change, then perhaps its precursor - is now occurring in Syria.
6974- Consider the telecommunications industry in developing countries more generally.
6975- Suicide bombers, the prolonged state of tension, and the overall weakening of the hope for peace have slashed support for democratic government.
6976- That is about to change.
6977- In any war, the primary focus is on dead, wounded and displaced people.
6978- But in an already polarized environment, an Ortega-Bush standoff is nothing more than a self-fulfilling prophecy.
6979- Yunnan is home to three great Asian rivers: the Mekong, the Salween (or Nu), and the Jinsha.
6980- President Bush managed to convince the nation that Saddam Hussein had some connection with the suicide bombers of September 11, and that he possessed weapons of mass destruction.
6981- It started with the Jews and acknowledgement that the Vichy regime did indeed incarnate the French state. Thus "France" itself was an accomplice to the crimes of the Nazi regime.
6982- Perhaps after a couple drinks, Putin might spill the beans on whether, as a real-world KGB agent, he ever directed any remotely similar operation.
6983- It would be odd to uphold the Council's authority by means that failed to get its approval.
6984- But the Bush administration can seek ways to contain global energy prices -- and it should begin by refusing to be baited into escalating tensions whenever Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad pleases.
6985- "Economic patriotism," the slogan coined by France's Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin following PepsiCo's rumored attempt in July 2005 to takeover Danone, perhaps best encapsulates the political imperative.
6986- Advocates of dialogue with the Iranians and their Syrian allies, like former United States Secretary of State James Baker, labor under the delusion that they can actually reach an understanding that can enable a graceful US exit from Iraq and help stabilize that wounded country.
6987- Khrushchev, Gorbachev and Yeltsin all saw their hold on power undermined when they sought to please or placate the West only to receive nothing in return.
6988- He recently survived two assassination attempts, and Islamists accuse him of entering into a "bargain" with the infidel enemy, India.
6989- The invasion, the absence of any weapons of mass destruction or any link between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda, the pictures of Iraqi civilian casualties, and the subsequent scenes of humiliating mistreatment or torture of Iraqi prisoners and detainees have all contributed to a wide, deep, and probably lasting collapse of sympathy for the US in the region.
6990- Defusing Iran's Oil Weapon
6991- A direct military showdown in the Gulf and the Straits of Hormuz, through which about 40% of the world's traded oil is shipped, cannot be ruled out. As a consequence, oil prices would skyrocket.
6992- This prepares the ground for religious and ethnic divisions and possible civil war à la Bosnia, rather than democracy.
6993- Burning oil fields were a vivid image--and a major part--of the environmental damage caused by the first Gulf war.
6994- The regime clearly expected the crowds that protested the fraudulent election of November 21 to scatter in apathy.
6995- In contrast, the phenomenon of dissociative amnesia supposedly entails victims' inability to remember their traumatic experiences, not an inability to remember their entire lives or who they are.
6996- As a result, penguins and albatrosses already experience difficulty rearing their offspring in areas such as South Georgia.
6997- Secure states tend to forget about treason.
6998- The peg did lower inflation; but it did not promote sustained growth.
6999- Europe split over the American invasion of Iraq, and there is no political will to involve NATO there.
7000- Perhaps it takes an ex-KGB spy for a Kremlin ruler to play diplomatic poker with skill.
7001- But, given that the Bush doctrine has compounded the failed-state problem, this is a bogus argument.
7002- Independence for financial sector regulators is as important as independence for central banks, and for many of the same reasons.
7003- At the time of the Boxer Rebellion, Japan fully understood that to contribute to the world for the "emergency protection of foreign residents" was a "matter of national importance."
7004- Funders and policymakers who keep up with the relevant research are slowly beginning to introduce more talking therapies (such as cognitive therapy and trauma-focused counseling), more alternatives to hospitalization, more culturally appropriate services, more family-focused therapy and, most importantly, more genuine consultation with service users about what actually works.
7005- But if these three are determined to push ahead, they will represent the will of most, if not all, other EU members.
7006- Saddam Hussein was a tyrant, and Iraqis - and the world - can rejoice in being rid of him.
7007- Since 1990, successive mayors promised to tackle the problem of these hundreds of thousands of feral dogs.
7008- By enlarging the EU, we will stimulate economies to grow and catch up, adding tens of millions of new consumers to the internal market.
7009- The phrase "Weimar Russia" first appeared about 13 years ago, at the height of the confrontation between then President Boris Yeltsin and the Supreme Soviet that ended when Yeltsin's tanks shelled the parliament.
7010- The excess of savings over investment flows abroad as capital exports.
7011- Most of his associates are in custody.
7012- He later argued that Danone should be considered "French" because its "milk collection and its water sources are in France."
7013- At the heart of the budget is the realization that reducing poverty requires both rapid economic growth and targeted investments aimed at the poorest of the poor.
7014- Mortality acts cumulatively, so, given the way we manage fisheries, few individuals survive to become big and old.
7015- That seems to be the case in Ukraine today, as its people prepare to vote for a new parliament little more than a year after their successful Orange Revolution.
7016- Horror stories of all types have emerged in Iraq since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
7017- Moreover, these services are set to benefit from the broader trade expansion with China, potentially establishing a virtuous circle of investment and exports.
7018- The view that an individual gene could account for a complete biological trait is as old as genetics itself.
7019- George W. Bush failed to honor his anti-Chinese protectionist campaign promises of 2000, as did Bill Clinton throughout his presidency.
7020- Moreover, if China decided to sell its dollar holdings, the bond market would discount US government securities, raising US long-term interest rates and canceling much (perhaps all) of whatever stimulus has been provided by the dollar's depreciation.
7021- Malaria has already returned to the Korean peninsula, and parts of the US, southern Europe and the former Soviet Union have experienced small outbreaks.
7022- Latin America's Locust Years
7023- A bankrupt warlord, after all, cannot buy weapons or bribe people to maintain their loyalty.
7024- This new form of prion disease had distinctive clinical and pathological features, and occurred in young patients within a single genetic subgroup.
7025- Forward to Putinism
7026- 
7027- Colombia is in open civil war.
7028- Memory of the war's horrors led to a period of rationalism and restraint in international politics.
7029- In the meantime, Turkey is moving closer to the EU, with the government overcoming nationalistic objections in the Parliament to push through comprehensive reforms.
7030- Francis Fukuyama's End of History and Samuel Huntington's Clash of Civilisations appeared within a mere three years of each other in the 1990's, and a decade later the return of religion to politics is visible for all to see -- and for many to suffer.
7031- Muhammad Atta, Zacharias Moussaoui, and Kamel Daoudi were "born again" in Marseilles, London, and Montreal, not in Egypt or Morocco (and they all broke ties with their families).
7032- Radicals use the inability to attain political objectives peacefully to inspire fanatical action and to justify forms of violence normally considered unacceptable.
7033- Moreover, both groups share the seventeenth-century Cossack warrior Bohdan Khmelnytskyi as their most popular historical figure, and both revile Stalin due to the famines caused by his forced collectivization of agriculture in the 1930's (whereas most ethnic Russians in Russia view Stalin as the heroic state savior of WWII).
7034- But Europeans should temper their criticism with the realization that Europe has similar problems of its own. 
7035- Chirac insisted on absolute parity of votes between France and Germany in the EU Council of Ministers, ignoring their demographic disparity.
7036- Governments must continue to pay benefits to today's pensioners, and they can do so only by borrowing money to replace the revenues that tomorrow's pensioners are now diverting to personal insurance schemes.
7037- The same happened to the Japanese in real estate. Japanese financiers bought up pricey trophy properties like Rockefeller Center in New York and the Pebble Beach Golf Club in California, and then had to sell later at rock-bottom prices.
7038- Moreover, they project hope for revitalizing communal and public institutions as we confront the main challenge of accelerated change: ensuring that the knowledge society protects and preserves the dignity of man.
7039- The goal now must be to unite the Dutch people.
7040- To put it inelegantly, two birds are killed with one stone.
7041- Mostly they enter the political scene from the fringes but manage to form a highly personalized grouping, like Jörg Haider and his Austrian Freedom Party, Jean-Marie LePen and his French Nationalists, Andrzej Lepper and his Polish Peasant Party, or Prime Minister Robert Fico and his Direction in Slovakia.
7042- This seems a desperate farewell:
7043- What if a government, instead of fighting the electricity industry alone, unleashed an economic "big bang," trying to liberalize most markets at once?
7044- The calculus is quite different for technologically advanced countries that profit from innovations (and press for their protection at and by the WTO) and less-developed countries that have to pay for them.
7045- The question is how.
7046- President Bush could even stabilize the economy, offering better unemployment benefits to provide needed stimulus if the downturn continues.
7047- A principal agent can win a war with proxies.
7048- Mounting anger within the Pakistan Army, whose soldiers exchanged fire with American troops two months ago, would make Musharaf's isolation total, perhaps forcing him to abandon the American-led coalition.
7049- In the eighteenth century, cheap and washable cotton undergarments produced a revolution in hygiene, but soon this had become so commonplace that the cotton revolution no longer generated any excitement.
7050- Turkey has no desire to serve as a strategic counterweight to Iran and believes that only a territorially intact Iraq can continue to play that role.
7051- The good news is that Israel can defend itself with relatively low casualties, its economy is improving, and tourism is recovering.
7052- Now, the largest banks are claiming significant increases in non-performing property loans, while the glut of new industrial capacity implies that some firms may not have adequate profits to service their debts. 
7053- Any government that follows policies which leave large fractions of the population unemployed or underemployed is failing in its primary mission.
7054- Similarly, on a hot day, the air in a forest is cooler than over adjacent bare lands, thanks to evaporation and transpiration in the trees.
7055- Flags are flown in hope of victory, but also serve to dry the tears of defeat.
7056- While the rhetoric of commitment to the round remains, in practice there has been a surrender to defensive lobbies clinging to the status quo.
7057- This compromise attempts to square the circle by combining the intergovernmental and unionist approaches.
7058- In a different way, this is true of Italy as well.
7059- Much of the so-called Third World was either recently independent, or remained colonies; all of it was very poor.
7060- Education, no less than military might, is a security imperative, for it helps the world -- both individuals and societies -- to escape the consequences of widespread poverty, rapid population growth, environmental problems, and social injustices.
7061- In the short run, the only response is more conservation, and America's allies should put pressure on America to conserve.
7062- For too long Russia practiced either the diplomacy of the thug or that of the Byzantine.
7063- The latest hits have just happened. First came the resignation of IMF chief economist Michael Mussa, a formidable University of Chicago-educated economist renowned for good judgment.
7064- Saddam also focussed his attention on the media in the Arab world, understanding their power in controlling and regimenting an audience.
7065- That question arises with every new American administration.
7066- In fact, the problem of creating an American empire might better be termed imperial underreach .
7067- It may merely appear to become real where people of different social classes live together, but this is so because the lines of class themselves have become blurred.
7068- uncertainties arising from America's looming fiscal deficit, due to macroeconomic mismanagement and a tax cut that the country cannot afford;
7069- Instead of encouraging reform of the Saudi/Wahhabi regime -- the system that spawned 15 of the 19 hijackers in the 9/11 attacks -- the average Muslim saw America as waging war on a regime that had nothing to do with that crime.
7070- Many have joined the Party and become government officials, and a large percentage enjoy various professional and financial privileges.
7071- It cannot consider crimes committed prior to July 1, 2002.
7072- Arabs express their disdain for Zionism by equating the Zionist project to the creation of a colony, to which millions of Jewish settlers have come.
7073- Rubin also used the remarkable management skills that he had honed as chairman of the investment bank Goldman Sachs to great effect.
7074- This is why almost all Lithuanians -- indeed, most residents of the Baltic countries -- feel queasy at the prospect of their leaders marking this anniversary in Moscow.
7075- But the religious authorities have not legitimized its discussions, so nothing has changed: the Shi'a, for example, still cannot practice their religious rituals, be witnesses in court, or even work as butchers.
7076- This is obvious to most Israelis, who also view this dominant role as a distortion of their ancient moral and religious values.
7077- John Paul II was undoubtedly conservative when he commented on Catholic dogma, but the institution of the Catholic Church is based on the Ten Commandments and dogmas which cannot be changed.
7078- As the European Union prepares to welcome up to twelve new members, debate is heating up among the leading candidate countries about whether or not speedy adoption of the euro will promote or impede rapid catch-up growth.
7079- The same is true of other financial tools.
7080- With the weak dollar hanging like the sword of Damocles over the global economy, almost everyone laments America's spendthrift habits.
7081- These citizens of the world are developing loyalties to each other that cross national boundaries.
7082- The American political system, at least, appears incapable of setting out the central fiscal policy issues in ways that give voters a chance to make informed judgments and distinguish between candidates-even between candidates whose programs are serious and those whose programs are mathematically impossible jokes.
7083- These are big numbers, but there is little or no reason for fear-not if today's EU members prepare.
7084- This is the principle of ``subsidiarity'' which supports placing decision-making power, wherever and whenever possible, in governmental bodies nearest to the individual citizen.
7085- In the last few weeks, Al Qaeda's propaganda messages have pointed increasingly at the Iraqi crisis.
7086- For example, a low mood favors generation of thoughts that are themselves depressing.
7087- At the same time, the cost would have been well below any reasonable estimate of the average losses that can be expected from tsunamis.
7088- For we all suffer from the political instability to which such despair gives rise.
7089- But all involved--both candidate countries and current member states--must show the necessary flexibility in the final round of negotiations.
7090- Of course, recriminations also began immediately, with Israelis and Palestinians each accusing the other of deliberately destroying the peace process.
7091- This could be supplemented by an independent Trust for Democracy in the Middle East, to which Europe and the US contribute funds and expertise.
7092- After an initial rally, Brazilian interest rates have settled at levels incompatible with long-term solvency.
7093- Russia and China today are united not only by their energy deals, but also by both countries' conviction that their time has come, and that the outside world needs them more than they need the outside world, particularly the US.
7094- As the world's largest economy, the US has taken the lead in promoting policies that reduce barriers.
7095- Europeans and Chinese who oppose missile defense do so in a very measured way; they keep their options open (and the hope of big contracts for their possible participation) by hiding behind Russia's defense of the ABM Treaty.
7096- The bottom line is that we can't predict where the threat will emerge, so we need a distributed, intelligent detection system.
7097- This means that we can't answer complex questions that depend on more than one field.
7098- That form of "administrative detention," used primarily against migrant workers, was the basis for Sun's detention.
7099- So some compromise must be found should Kerry win.
7100- 7.
7101- Modern societies are characterized by acute problems of belonging.
7102- This foray into the uncanny is as close as most people come to experiencing auditory hallucinations or "hearing voices," a condition that affects 70% of patients with schizophrenia and 15% of patients with mood disorders such as mania or depression.
7103- Most important, the cost of educating a child relative to the cost of having additional low-educated children is very high in poor countries.
7104- But the constitutional convention, too, must be elected, and this election may run into the very difficulties that plague first elections to parliaments in new democracies.
7105- If Hwang was not the first to do it, someone else eventually will.
7106- A second problem is that there are no moral principles that are shared by all religious people, regardless of their specific beliefs, but by no agnostics and atheists.
7107- We meet in Brussels this week, and our overriding priority is to reach agreement on the constitution.
7108- A revealing example of the effect of policy on fertility patterns comes from the poorest groups in Israel.
7109- At the moment, it looks as if there is nothing to fear from China.
7110- In 2004 and 2006, I was involved in conducting two nationwide public opinion surveys in Iraq.
7111- So petrodollars exacerbate poverty in sub-Saharan Africa, not cure it.
7112- European leaders waste political energy and capital to meet demanding budget targets, while nothing is done to address the really vital challenges: aging populations, high tax burdens, declining competitiveness.
7113- For the past two months, thousands of Lopez Obrador's most fervent supporters have transformed the Zocalo, Mexico City's central square, into a virtual sea of tents -- the center of gravity of opposition to the official result.
7114- The lesson for other developing countries is that spending on the poor for health, education, safe drinking water, electricity, and the like, is not simply pandering; it is a serious and productive investment.
7115- The next scheduled presidential election is not until 2012, as are elections to the Senate, whose assent is needed for most legislation.
7116- The world today is too small for any of us to be able to afford for any corner of it to be left out of the conquest of Malthusianism.
7117- This Soviet "orientalism" is reinforced by pretty waitresses dressed in sexy outfits more inspired by the Arabian Nights than by any Central Asian reality -- then or now.
7118- Compared to these imperatives, there is little to be gained from informing the public about how the economy really functions and about the dilemmas of economic policy.
7119- Portugal, and above all Ireland, are prime examples.
7120- Djindjic's effective leadership brought about this change.
7121- An obsessive US administration, led by a President who reportedly believes that he is on a holy mission to fight terror in the Middle East, pays no attention to the rest of the world.
7122- Total nominal spending in America grows at 5.5% per year. Inflation is 1.5% per year.
7123- For if we mean by `development' human development in its widest sense, the only development that is sustainable is one that enables people to live together in peace and with respect for basic human rights.
7124- Now it is casting its spell over developing countries, making a powerful play to rewrite India's past, as Deepak Lal suggests.
7125- This is difficult because the ruling al-Saud are themselves divided.
7126- He also realizes that big business is crucially important for Russia's modernization.
7127- They have not been heard from since.
7128- When monetary policy could not do much more, the Bush administration took up the charge--and with relish.
7129- It dawns on you that the voice you heard must have sprung from your own mind.
7130- The Return of the King in Nepal
7131- In fact, it would take at least a generation, during which much of the effort of modern life would have to be made, while the fruits of this effort would remain elusive.
7132- America undoubtedly needs more allies to bring Iraq's chaos under control and to build an Iraqi state that is seen as legitimate both by Iraqis and the world.
7133- The Hamas Earthquake
7134- After decades of conflict, it seems that the Arabs have not given up their goal of making all of Palestine into an Arab state.
7135- Slouching Toward Fanaticism in Pakistan
7136- Bush's prior announcements of increased development assistance and stronger efforts to combat HIV/AIDS in Africa were not only moral imperatives, but also important investments in American soft power.
7137- The world cannot afford to have pseudo-conservatives at high levels of the US government who do not work for global peace and prosperity, but instead for a dangerously wrongheaded geopolitical strategy.
7138- For example, failure of management reform would fuel demands by the US Congress to withhold America's contributions to the UN budget -- a policy that would greatly undermine America's own interests, such as the planned expansion of the mission to stop genocide in Darfur.
7139- Moreover, market relations stimulate honesty as a virtue.
7140- Nations also put Europe's constitutional balance out of kilter.
7141- Nor is a presidential candidate likely to be found among the regional governors, or among the leaders of the "old" or "new" parties.
7142- These were puny amounts for a policy that was a key plank in the World Bank's reform agenda, and that became a bone of contention between the Bank and Mozambique.
7143- But instead of offering ready solutions for the rest to endorse, leadership will have to consist of working with the other members, patiently and discretely, so that all or at last most feel they are involved in formulating common positions.
7144- The Dilemma of Curiosity and Its Use
7145- He asked them (many of the representatives were well-to-do women) to set a personal example by adopting a street dog.
7146- One Europe in the service of freedom, justice and security.
7147- Conspiracy theories abound, particularly among the ranks of financial traders, for whom volatility is like wind to a sailor.
7148- When European unification was launched, it was thought that "ever closer union" would establish a community that would protect Europeans from political blackmail.
7149- The reasons are connected to Premier Ivica Racan's unwillingness to tackle the centers of power left behind by the regime of the late President Franjo Tudjman, whose nationalist-minded party, the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), was voted out of office in January 2001 following Tudjman's death in December 1999.
7150- Terror vs. Liberty
7151- The US has found a new "empire of evil" in "terrorist" states and organizations; Europe has found a new adversary who helps it integrate in the United States.
7152- The Allure of Asia
7153- Not all of them had realistic chances, but every one of them had the backing of a specific political force.
7154- Still, letting the status quo continue is equally problematic.
7155- For example, freezers that require CFC's can be freely exported from, say, Sweden, where they can no longer legally be refilled when required, to Egypt, where refilling is allowed.
7156- While China and India grow rapidly, most of Africa is stagnating. Similarly, large parts of Latin America and Central Asia are experiencing rising, not falling, rates of poverty.
7157- Corporate officers respond to incentives and opportunities.
7158- But things that work on a small scale do not necessarily work when slightly larger.
7159- The markets for these products are still small, but they have strong growth potential, and their further development would enhance insurance companies' ability to cover risks of major international disasters.
7160- Mao's Cultural Revolution was launched 40 years ago this month, yet, despite 20 years of economic liberalization, its wounds remain a taboo subject.
7161- As it struggles to form a government for the Palestinian territories, Hamas seems to be clutching to the Biblical verses in Ecclesiasties rather than the desires of the Quartet (the United States, Russia, the European Union, and the United Nations) charged with trying to bridge the Israeli-Palestinian divide.
7162- A strong international peacekeeping force, agreed by the UN, and perhaps led by the US or NATO, must be placed between the warring sides, and must be prepared to suffer losses to terrorists in the service of peace.
7163- Educating residents of low-lying coastal areas about the warning signs of a tsunami (tremors and a sudden recession in the ocean), establishing a warning system involving emergency broadcasts, telephoned warnings, and air-raid-type sirens, and improving emergency response systems would have saved many who were killed by the Indian Ocean tsunami.
7164- Wrong.
7165- In a country like Russia, half of whose budget revenues are derived from taxes on oil, setting up an oil fund is the equivalent of a commitment to balance the budget over the cycle.
7166- Putin's irresistible urge to remind everyone that Russia has recovered its strength suggests underlying insecurity.
7167- So please don't allow yourself to be drawn into pandering to Israel's radicals and hawks.
7168- There are other troubling borderline cases.
7169- This is light years away from the strong emotions presidential elections usually incite in developing countries.
7170- We have succeeded in placing the issue of the presidency at center stage in Lebanese politics.
7171- Some patients actually are infected with flu; others have colds or other respiratory infections, many of which also peak in the winter.
7172- No perfect substitutes for the market in the area of scientific discovery exist, but a good surrogate, which enables scientists to compete effectively, is the system of peer review , i.e., the anonymous evaluation of research by scientific colleagues.
7173- Tomorrow, Iranian generals may acquire atomic weapons. North Korea already assists them with arms.
7174- So it is not obvious to many people why they are voting.
7175- In many European countries, political institutions were shaped in revolutionary periods in which socialist parties and ideas enjoyed mass support.
7176- However, it is crucial that every effort be made to educate and install an impartial and incorruptible judiciary.
7177- The Soviet demographer Boris Urlanis wrote a famous article entitled "Take Care of the Men," which caused a sensation when it was published around 25 years ago.
7178- But once a pharmaceutical company develops a treatment for a psychiatric disorder, it acquires a financial interest in making sure that doctors diagnose the disorder as often as possible.
7179- But if a company can buy a $1 billion asset for $500 million, economic logic says buy the asset.
7180- Full economic integration implies the equalization of unskilled wages everywhere in the world, and, though we are nowhere near attaining this "goal," the downward pressure on those at the bottom is evident.
7181- Saddam Hussein--dead or on the run--is, of course, the Iraq war's biggest loser.
7182- Remaining in step with each other on security issues is essential if Japan and the US are to maintain a firm alliance to ensure the stability of the Asia-Pacific region.
7183- The first is that the French have accounts to settle with their president and the government.
7184- Third, macroeconomic stability, investment, and growth are mutually reinforcing.
7185- One set of problems concerns politics and the difficulties of creating democracy and the rule of law after decades of totalitarianism. Another relates to economics.
7186- Of course, imposing the same investment conditions in all countries could take away the incentive to invest in the least attractive of them.
7187- Instead of a dialogue of civilizations and support for modernist forces in the Middle East, preference has been given to an almost opposite course of action.
7188- In a mysterious way it seems to combine equal access with excellence.
7189- The allocation for the State Department's educational and cultural exchange programs, including overseas research centers, libraries, and visitor programs, is boosted by nearly 25%.
7190- Of course, no single novel provides a perfect lens through which to view any society.
7191- If Western Europe needs an explanation as to why its rate of economic growth is lagging behind the US, it need look no further.
7192- But it would be a mistake to see this public recognition of Stalin as a real yearning for every aspect of the system he created.
7193- Environmentally safe nanotechnology will come at a cost in time, money, and political capital.
7194- Now is the time to confront America's hypocrisy, not to bluster.
7195- During the same period, Tunisia's rate of population growth fell by more than 50%, to a European level of slightly more than two children per woman, while per capita income grew at an impressive annual rate of 3%.
7196- But China is no ordinary trading partner.
7197- For much of the post-1945 period, these divisions disappeared as right and left fought battles for redistribution within national economies.
7198- But as an American, I am so horrified by what has happened in my country - and what my country has done to others over the past two years - that I feel I must speak out.
7199- When Argentina defaulted in the 1890's, European investors simply discovered a new fashion: investment in Russia.
7200- After a few days or weeks, memory abruptly returns.
7201- But Germany is gradually becoming a bazaar economy in a different sense, because nowadays it specializes in packaging and selling its products, while outsourcing an ever-larger share of its high value-added manufacturing to low-wage countries.
7202- All of this is relevant to today's crisis.
7203- More fundamentally, there is no such thing as a "European economy."
7204- Wage insurance programs have been actively talked about or actually implemented in some form in Britain, France, Switzerland, and Ireland.
7205- While events in Venezuela may look chaotic from afar, they are in fact democracy at work.
7206- At the same time, Turks did not turn against Islam, as though this killing could be justified by religion.
7207- Lebanon's reconstruction, so painstakingly carried out in the 1990's, is now at risk of being undone.
7208- Nothing good comes out of doing so -- and we have seen enough of that in the past.
7209- Israeli state support for expanding settlements is substantial.
7210- An economy that appears arbitrary and illegitimate in the eyes of the majority of people may, for a time, run on the false confidence of easy profits.
7211- Are science and religion fated to mutual enmity?
7212- This distinction is dubious.
7213- But this correlation goes missing when one looks at the dimension of time rather than space.
7214- Even during the 20
7215- It is also where most of Argentina's poor live.
7216- Initially heterodox and apparently unacceptable views became the new orthodoxy accepted by most of their citizens.
7217- US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld warns that more documentary evidence of wrongdoing at Abu Ghraib prison lies in store, evidently in the preemptive hope that the outrages stopped there.
7218- While the EU cannot hold out the prospect of membership, Russia is happy to offer membership in a reconstituted empire.
7219- We are meant to infer that, on top of all his talents, Annan shares the ideals embodied during the last days of WWII by the foremost Swede of modern times.
7220- Proxy wars -- and the problems that accompany them -- are hardly new.
7221- The venerable New York Times editorial page was apparently opposed to an energy tax until only recently, when the newspaper finally endorsed the idea.
7222- One is the need to establish an effective administration to make certain that new policies of tolerance and market economics are actually implemented.
7223- We need to ask if we can do more for the world by investing differently.
7224- But as is the way with exchange rate-based programs, interest rates were indeed brought down and imports made cheap, creating a boom that undermined the viability of the disinflation strategy.
7225- Russia's population, currently 145.5m, is expected to fall to 104.5m; Ukraine's population is projected to fall from nearly 50m to 30m, a startling drop of 40%.
7226- In the face of a world frightened by Islam, Mahathir was able to affirm a neglected facet of his leadership, repeatedly reminding the world that he presided over the one country in the world where a Muslim majority and large non-Muslim minorities live in peace.
7227- By contrast, German assertiveness vis-à-vis the US was stunning--perhaps because, as it is said, you have to be fully behind someone who you stab in the back.
7228- Given today's trends, a loose East Asian trade bloc revolving around China (more likely than Japan) could emerge alongside US-led and EU-led blocs, all interlinked by a cross-regional patchwork of bilateral and "plurilateral" FTAs.
7229- Treatment interruption has been associated with asylum seekers and refugees in Switzerland.
7230- But the US government's failings are matched in many parts of the world, and certainly in the poorest countries, where scientific expertise is scarce, and where many governments do not have scientific advisory councils to turn to for guidance.
7231- This policy of inclusion rather than exclusion is based on political pragmatism and the belief that this carnage can and must stop.
7232- There were not.
7233- The simplest solution is to remove the Fundamental Rights of Part II from the body of the text, and give them the status the Social Chapter had in the Treaty of Amsterdam: a declaration of intentions appended to the Treaty.
7234- Finally, reformists see no contradiction between democracy and Islamic teaching, though democracy does conflict with centuries of tradition governing how Muslims actually have been ruled.
7235- The publicity that the press gives to these visits has helped impede an invitation to Koizumi from China's leaders for a state visit.
7236- They should again offer Iran direct talks.
7237- He wasn't going to do anything to hurt those vulnerable people. `But Mr. President,' I said, `to help those poor fishermen, you're going to prevent the vastly greater benefit that would come to the poor...from being able to buy cheap fish.'"
7238- Some patterns across countries are obvious. Oil-rich countries tend to save a lot.
7239- To be sure, the new Palestinian Authority (PA) took power under difficult conditions, but which new liberation movement does not face serious challenges when it finally must govern?
7240- Today's Iranian intellectuals have undergone a similar maturation process, dismissing the "utopianist" and "nativist" political ideals of their predecessors.
7241- -0.1
7242- First, nobody knows how to explain or predict the short-term movements (from one day to six months, say) of exchange rates.
7243- Rather than grappling with this, radicals like bin Laden blame outsiders, particularly the United States and Europe.
7244- This continued for only a few days, but fear of the occupying Soviets never left even as they began to distribute food and set up a rudimentary administration.
7245- With productivity growth stagnating for almost two decades, it made sense back then to argue that the US government's social-insurance commitments (Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid) were excessive and so had to be scaled back.
7246- Instead, Europeans must assume a fairer share of the transatlantic burden, putting in place a truly common European foreign policy, and think and act as a regional power with a global outreach.
7247- "They arrived in our country with a certain innocence," said the respected Iranian historian Kaveh Bayat, "and without any colonial pretenses."
7248- Free governments must make communications planning a central component of every aspect of this struggle.
7249- While we seem not to notice that we also become perpetrators in the process, much of the rest of the world does notice â€" a gap in perception that has severely weakened Americaâ€™s international credibility and standing.
7250- Moreover, the inflation criterion fails to allow for higher inflation in services and construction in faster-growing countries.
7251- Domestic industries that face foreign competition are beginning to close down or relocate abroad.
7252- Standing up for multilateralism and international rule of law may not only be the morally right thing to do; it is also in the interests of America's allies and, ultimately, America itself.
7253- But power, defined as the ability to influence others, comes in many guises, and soft power is not weakness.
7254- In 1879, the longest bridge in the world spanned the River Tay at Dundee, Scotland.
7255- By refusing to leave the streets and squares of Kyiv, Ukraine's mass volunteer army of democrats forced our country's gray old men of the past to retreat into the past.
7256- Both powers have sought to use the Shanghai Cooperation Organization -- a regional grouping that includes Russia, China, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan -- as a vehicle to pressure the US to withdraw its military forces from the region.
7257- Finally, donor countries must apply the lessons learned in restoring the war-ravaged states of the former Yugoslavia.
7258- It tells us nothing about causes or solutions.
7259- Or is it also part of a process of closing the doors of our European "paradise" to all those who still want to join us?
7260- This vague term was finally fleshed out with a list of ten principles in September 2004, all but one of which, however, was without religious connotations.
7261- Even John Rawls's seminal "Theory of Justice" remained a pastime for the few rather than a precept for the many.
7262- As with illicit drugs, it is difficult to estimate the extent of smuggling operations.
7263- This, we are told, will make Latin America's exports of manufactured goods more competitive internationally.
7264- The changes go much deeper, which explains how a country with a huge Roman Catholic majority has chosen to be led by a woman who is a socialist, an agnostic, and an unmarried mother.
7265- Yet the Cold War has been over for fifteen years, and military conflict between France and Germany today seems as unlikely as military conflict between America and Canada.
7266- But national governments inevitably have a particular interest in the powers of EU institutions in such key areas as foreign policy, criminal law, and taxation.
7267- The fusion of Iran's nuclear program (and Iran's hegemonic ambitions) with the situation in Iraq and with Hezbollah in Lebanon will lead to a "New Middle East" which, in all likelihood, will provoke a major confrontation.
7268- So, although it is common today in Russia to blame Gorbachev and Boris Yeltsin for the collapse of the USSR, it is both useless and unfair to do so.
7269- Second, it leaves time for anti-reform lobbies to organize and prevent any progress toward completion of the reform effort.
7270- But their main effect may be an erosion of reasoned debate and civil conduct, without which democracy is powerless against the forces of polarization and extremism.
7271- It is only as an additional level of government that the EU appears onerous and bureaucratic.
7272- Tsunamis may make small, low islands uninhabitable.
7273- When South Korea's National University announced the first-ever successful cloning of a dog, the news triggered arguments about science and society throughout Asia.
7274- With regard to IT production , the large EU countries lag far behind the US.
7275- Here an exporter faces two types of risk: price risk and competitiveness risk.
7276- With perfect information -- an assumption made by traditional economics, though one not fully appreciated by free market advocates -- these problems would never have occurred.
7277- Here, undoubtedly, is a complicated strategy, and one with its own inherent pitfalls.
7278- At a time when the Islamic Republic has failed in its economic and political promises to the Iranian people, the regime's most glaring weakness may prove to be the absence of a credible religious authority that can justify its shortcomings.
7279- NAPU would be the ideal forum in which to address this concern.
7280- That is what Calderón can and must do in order to render moot today's debates about the fairness of the election that brought him to power.
7281- The doves are furious about the pre-announcement, and some hawks -- perhaps nostalgic for the more collegial style of Wim Duisenberg -- regard Trichet's move as "showing off" and "taking control."
7282- This position also opened another front in the Church's battle with Eastern European Orthodox Christianity, which lent theological support to vampire myths by teaching that non-decomposed bodies could not go to heaven and could be revivified by the devil.
7283- As a thesis adviser, Rudi had few peers.
7284- Similar failings have exacerbated the consequences of today's bird-origin influenza epidemic in Vietnam, Thailand, and elsewhere.
7285- The EU's Next Priority After Enlargement?
7286- The result of this was laid out in a report by the European Union's Election Observation Mission that I presented in Kabul last December: Afghanistan risks becoming a "rentier" state with easy access to resources that lubricate corruption throughout its entire political system, finance illegal armed groups, and fuel regional destabilization.
7287- In very remote places like Afghanistan or Chad, weak connections with the world economy also delayed the process of social change.
7288- But a growing body of research concludes that greed is not always good, and that moral values are a necessary element in the conduct of business.
7289- But education laws have proved elusive too.
7290- The army action in Wana, aimed against Al Qaeda and Taliban operatives who are believed to be hiding there, has led to several civilian casualties, including women and children, and rendered over 30,000 people homeless.
7291- Opinion polls in Taiwan reflect public dismay over the Chinese legislation, and this negative sentiment will raise the pressure on President Chen, who recently antagonized some of his more ardent pro-independence supporters by reaching out to the pro-unification opposition People First Party.
7292- We can live to be 85, but we are likely to do so with chronic conditions that leave us sick and in pain.
7293- If PiS's populist slogans become policy, government spending is likely to expand, which will exacerbate Poland's already weak fiscal position and consequently trigger inflationary expectations.
7294- This helped develop a strong sense of identity with the statewide political community.
7295- Both President Musharraf and Prime Minister Vajpayee have resorted to lofty rhetoric about the imperative of bringing peace.
7296- Recently I traveled in distant regions of Russia, where I grasped the enormous disconnect between the center (Moscow) and Russia's periphery, between rulers and ruled.
7297- China's Virtual Revolution
7298- This is not a question of ideology; it is a question of arithmetic.
7299- But one can do this in ways that are not violent and aggressive, by defending the principles of that new relationship.
7300- Kentucky Fried University?
7301- In late August, the heads of state of thirteen members of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), including Mugabe and President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa, the leading regional power, met in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, to consider the challenges before them.
7302- Others are wrongly placed in schools for the mentally and physically disabled, merely because they had no access to preschool, or because they do not speak the majority language.
7303- Among Sunnis, the number fell below a majority: only 44% believed in the equal importance of higher education for girls and boys.
7304- But his sharply reduced majority in the House of Commons, and his damaged personal reputation, mean that his political position is seriously weakened.
7305- China isn't the only success story.
7306- If we are to accept scientific facts, we need to construct morality on a new foundation, one without souls.
7307- Rediscovering the West
7308- Similarly, the accounting problems with executive stock options were recognized by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, but again early efforts at reform met with resistance, from the obvious sources.
7309- The "Rose Revolution" must not be permitted to die on the vine.
7310- In the current global environment, the case for the strong euro is becoming increasingly apparent.
7311- The reality is the opposite.
7312- At the same time, China's Foreign Minister, Li Zhaoxing, traveled to Tokyo.
7313- A US military presence in Central Asia is of even greater potential interest to China, a country which, like Russia, has a security relationship with Uzbekistan through membership in the six-nation Shanghai Forum.
7314- Moreover, a nuclear Iran would also be perceived as a threat by its other neighbors, which would likely provoke a regional arms race and further fuel regional volatility.
7315- But France managed to do even worse than its neighbors.
7316- But the fullest possible information in executing trades is a necessary condition: hence the imposition of pre-trade (posting orders and prices) and post-trade transparency for intermediaries trading on their own account with retail investors - a requirement that has been firmly opposed by all the states where the relevant "internalizers" reside.
7317- But, in comparing groups, it is permitted to use an individual's status as member of an under-represented minority in his or her favor.
7318- A key early test of Abdullah's kingship will be if he can succeed in freeing the hundreds of political reformers now in prison, especially three respected academics whom he encouraged to make reform proposals, only to be incarcerated by Naif.
7319- Indeed, when Russia demanded that agreed limitations on nuclear strategic warheads be defined in a document binding both Moscow and Washington, the US balked, preferring a vague declaration of principle instead.
7320- What if the American dream of bringing democracy to that troubled country ends in its citizens electing a fundamentalist movement to power?
7321- Without growth, it would become increasingly difficult for Argentina to repay their huge loans.
7322- Even so, he seemed to be telling them that France and Germany come first, ahead of all other current members, to say nothing of the candidate countries.
7323- Truly, these were years that the locusts ate.
7324- Outside of America, almost nobody buys these arguments.
7325- If the rich nations pollute the atmosphere with carbon dioxide, causing my crops to fail because of changing rainfall patterns, or my fields are inundated by a rise in the sea level, shouldn't I also be able to sue?
7326- Last month's massive demonstrations in Hong Kong, when over half a million residents poured into the streets in protest against the government of Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa, continues to echo.
7327- So it is astonishing that Europe is doing exactly the opposite: firmly closing its eyes to the strategic challenge posed by Turkey.
7328- Both file detailed and frequent reports with government regulators.
7329- The fundamental experience of the Great Depression has repeated itself, on a smaller scale, many times and in many countries in recent decades: a shock in financial markets, followed by a sharp decline in gross domestic product.
7330- It has recently been suggested that a wall be built around Rio de Janeiro's notorious shantytowns.
7331- "If I'd thought [that George W. Bush] was a big-spending Rockefeller Republican.... I wouldn't have voted for him...," Noonan wrote.
7332- Alternatively, the brain might turn minor signaling of tissue injury into a major pain by mixing cognitive and emotional memories into the formation of the pain experience.
7333- Like Romania's people, they survived only by daily cunning.
7334- Its first task will be to remove those provisions of Iraq's constitution that pit Iraq's Sunni, Shia, and Kurds against one another.
7335- Unlike the UN tribunal for former Yugoslavia, which was established during the Balkan wars, a tribunal for Iraq would be more constrained by the need to avoid applying justice retroactively.
7336- Indeed, the situation is even more absurd when G7 finance ministers meet: the central bank governors of France, Germany, and Italy still attend these meetings, even though their banks have been reduced to local branches of the European Central Bank, while the president of the ECB - these countries' real monetary authority - is a mere "invited guest."
7337- Five decades on, the wheels of state are still mostly spinning in that muddy middle ground.
7338- Instead, they have concrete demands, like jobs and political and social freedom.
7339- The mood in the US today is far from the point that it reached in 1973 and 1974, when the drive to impeach Nixon and convict him in the US Senate forced him to resign.
7340- To make minds meet in Copenhagen, both sides must be flexible and willing to make necessary compromises.
7341- Besides, excluding Ukraine from eventual EU membership will encourage Russia's imperial ambitions.
7342- In the meantime, as the debate continues, my contributions help to ensure that the money spent by those trying to reelect President Bush doesn't overwhelm the process.
7343- They cannot debate the budget or military deals, nor can they question financial allocations to the regime's countless princes.
7344- He is well aware of the contrast with the approach taken by Turkey's previous Islamist-led government.
7345- In most places, the name "BMW" implies luxury and exclusivity.
7346- Because of this, the EU's neighbors have felt magnetically attracted to this area of peace and prosperity.
7347- Shell has powerful friends in Nigeria's government.
7348- Neo-Confucianism provided the basic ideology for China's admiring neighbors -- Japan, Korea, and Vietnam -- until the advent of the West.
7349- Anwar's bizarre trial and sentencing on charges of sodomy and abuse of power invigorated the reformasi movement, as growing anti-UMNO and anti-Mahathir sentiments took hold among Islamic-minded Malays.
7350- Its printing press was destroyed.
7351- He predicted most of the crises that came along but that did not raise his popularity with the IMF's board.
7352- But what is happening here is more than "guilt by association" with the oil industry.
7353- Lessons From the North
7354- Unless it is explained and seen as an expression of national interest, it will strain domestic political support, even to the degree of endangering government coalitions like that of Mr. Schröder.
7355- Europe's Racist Schools
7356- This will inevitably prove to be the source of long-term political and military instability in large parts of Africa, the Middle East, Central and South Asia, as well as a number of former Soviet republics.
7357- This criminal insurgency is fueled not by popular support, but by the spoils of the cocaine trade.
7358- This must have made the retreat doubly painful for the generals, as ASEAN was previously one of the junta's strongest shields against international pressure.
7359- Donors have trained police and prosecutors and built courts and detention centers.
7360- Public health is an important asset for any nation. With so much at stake, it makes sense to place sentinels near every swamp, city, public market, and farmyard on earth.
7361- Mr. Zhu has been China's Jack Welch, the tough-minded, longtime CEO of the American conglomerate General Electric--a man celebrated for his candor, his global sophistication, and his insistence on performance.
7362- By holding these celebrations in Red Square, and thus highlighting the Soviet victory, today's Russia is also celebrating its gains in that war.
7363- Throughout this period, the Bundesbank sold dollars to curb the dollar's appreciation (Figure 1c) but the Fed did not intervene at all (Figure 1b).
7364- Historically very nasty answers emerge in such situations.
7365- The US economy is the largest in the world, and American culture serves as a magnet.
7366- There is a world of difference between an association of nation states bound together by treaty, and a single entity, whether you call it a state or not, with its own legal personality, deriving its authority from its own constitution.
7367- With sensible reforms, many barriers can be removed or at least eased.
7368- BERLIN: Nato's next summit will take place in Prague in the winter of 2002 -- that is, if President Bush doesn't call his allies together before then.
7369- Today's incoherent, piecemeal strategies will not break the cycle of violence.
7370- Polish Prime Minister Lezsek Miller resigned one day after his country's official admission to the EU.
7371- In addition to adapting to climate change, the world must also reduce future risks to the planet by cutting back on emissions of greenhouse gases, which are the source of man-made climate change.
7372- Of course, given China's highly politicized atmosphere, politics can leak into even the most innocuous areas of discourse, and the many talk shows and audience participation formats necessitate a less intrusive but nonetheless effective system of content regulation.
7373- With an approval rating that hovers around 70%, no one can accuse Putin of being unpopular -- or, for that matter, of a willingness to surrender to the opposition or to people in the street.
7374- In short, the large states still have illusions, encouraged by their political elites, about what the state can do to guide economic development.
7375- Though exiled two years ago, Liberia's former President Charles Taylor still looms large in the country's first elections since the end of its brutal civil war.
7376- He has charm and - many say - charisma.
7377- It has been correctly said over and again that Arafat was a mixed blessing for his people.
7378- China's abrupt decision to raise the value of the renminbi (yuan) by 2.1% and to end its peg to the dollar comes after months of pressure from the US.
7379- But he stubbornly refused, and his belated admission came too late to gain public favor.
7380- This strategy emphasizes the maintenance of an extensive law enforcement apparatus designed to eliminate any incipient organized opposition.
7381- It provides a set of disease names and numeric codes for assigning and tracking health-care expenditures and services.
7382- More recently, the idea of a "European identity" has been in vogue.
7383- In the French zone (so I learned later), the signs were less hopeful.
7384- Over the last 80 years, women in democratic societies have struggled to be recognized and treated as citizens endowed with equal rights. The right to own property, vote, work, divorce, the right to choose whether or not to have children have been secured only through political struggle.
7385- Moreover, because this type of aquaculture is based predominantly in developing countries (mainly in China, but also in countries such as the Philippines and Bangladesh), it supplies cheap animal protein right where it is needed.
7386- But that simple view of wartime economics is too narrow to describe the possible effects of an Iraqi war.
7387- Over time, they invented fascinating ways to control their subjects, combining education, bribery, and force.
7388- The only part that is true is that differences in per capita income are extreme.
7389- More than 13,000 fishermen were killed and another 5,000 evacuated in Sri Lanka alone, with 80% of the fishing fleet lost or severely damaged.
7390- (To see what you can do to reduce your own contribution, go to www.climatecrisis.net.)
7391- Fighting the "New" Terrorism
7392- The passing of authority in Iraq from the US-led coalition to an Iraqi government and the need for a much stronger UN role now offers the chance and imposes the need for everyone to stop posturing and get serious.
7393- In Iraq, for example, the US military, working closely with the Iraqi government, has sought non-traditional means to provide accurate information to the Iraqi people.
7394- If Putin wants to save his own skin, he must act fast and sack his top KGB aides in the Kremlin and the Prosecutor General.
7395- At long last, Angela Merkel is Germany's new -- and first woman -- Chancellor.
7396- How Musharraf Survives
7397- Moreover, it generated mass social protests, which the government evidently had not envisaged.
7398- Mugabe's phony elections, moreover, should go unrecognized, and Mugabe denied a welcome as a legitimate head of state in international gatherings.
7399- The West can and must prevail in this fight and in the defense of the values that it cherishes.
7400- But if individuals can do tests from which insurance companies are barred, and if those who receive adverse genetic information then buy additional life insurance without disclosing the tests that they have taken, they are cheating other holders of life insurance.
7401- Such theories, however, always seem to explain the last crisis but never successfully predict the next one.
7402- With the American economy now recovering strongly, the price of oil should stay high, or even rise further, in the foreseeable future.
7403- On the contrary, we Europeans present ourselves, in contrast to the supposedly "arrogant Americans," as world champions of "tolerance," which even Germany's interior minister, Otto Schily, justifiably criticizes.
7404- But they cannot fail to notice that the processes they support undercut their own position by rendering the wealth gap more obvious and the fairness of the actual global distribution more questionable.
7405- For example, Burkina Faso, Ghana, Mali, and Rwanda rank much higher than Bangladesh, Indonesia, Pakistan, and Vietnam.
7406- The Beginning of the End for Guantánamo
7407- The most plausible reason is that many now realize that they will live far longer than they anticipated--often spending one-third of their lives in retirement--but that the State may no longer deliver on its promises.
7408- Kuwait's Parliamentary Revolution
7409- Why isn't the world more alarmed?
7410- The Soviets, with their fragile legitimacy, always feared betrayal.
7411- The old triple polarization only returned with the new wave of globalization.
7412- France is a stable democracy, and large majorities in Parliament often support its governments.
7413- Elections have begun to play a greater role in Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, and Oman, but none uses free and fair elections to fill the most important and powerful political offices.
7414- Osama bin Laden established his presence in the region through a series of so-called ``humanitarian" organizations in Bosnia and Albania sometime around 1994.
7415- In the mid 1990's, the company worked closely with the late dictator, General Sani Abacha, to suppress the Movement for the Survival of Ogoni People, a grassroots environmental and minority rights organization led by Ken Saro-Wiwa, who was later executed by the regime.
7416- So it has remained.
7417- Yes, jellyfish, which were once a specialty consumed around East Asia, are now a product caught in the Atlantic as well, and exported across continents.
7418- Since the mid-1990s, China's government has promoted the rapid growth of the internet for its economic benefits. But it has also been developing a sophisticated political and technological system to control online information.
7419- At present, the US serves as the motor of the global economy.
7420- We have not progressed very far, it seems.
7421- Mankiw made that argument, but he failed to be understood.
7422- Largely as a result of technological successes in the past 200 years, the human population has grown seven-fold since 1800, from around 900 million in 1800 to more than 6 billion people today, crowding humanity into vulnerable spots throughout the world.
7423- By spending part of their extra income on household jobs and personal services, American women limit their workload while creating demand for service jobs that wouldn't exist otherwise.
7424- At best, Russia is a potential partner in the effort to manage globalization's challenges; at worst, it is a potential problem.
7425- While constraints are a good idea, it is understandable that EU governments do not like them.
7426- Ashcroft is much less known internationally than Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, but he is an even match in arousing dislike for the US among those who do know him.
7427- During World War II, Allied soldiers occupied Iran, using the country as a way station to transport supplies from the Persian Gulf to the Soviet Union.
7428- The Competition Commission started from the premise that the current overlaps in the packaging markets will grow in the medium to long term.
7429- America's inadvertent "passivity" in the Clinton years and the wrong directions of the Bush years coincided with the rise of China and India, as well as Russia's renewed international clout as a result of high oil prices.
7430- As for the second promise, more than 50 heads of financial institutions had at that point been fired (more followed), and reforms had changed the investment climate dramatically.
7431- But it is actually difficult to see much of a difference in fundamental human values or preferences between these countries and the US.
7432- Yet MSF was able to collect only €650,000 in two months of soliciting funds for Darfur, while it received €40 million for the tsunami victims in just eight days.
7433- If sustained, stress is often maladaptive and eventually disease provoking.
7434- Confidence crises beget the risk of further confidence crises.
7435- European enlargement, creating large numbers of lower-wage workers at Germany's borders, will pose new challenges.
7436- Second, the disastrous US-led war in Iraq has led Iran's leaders to conclude that the leading Western power has been weakened to the point that it is dependent on Iran's goodwill, and that high oil prices have made the West all the more wary of a serious confrontation.
7437- An avid reader of opinion polls, he tried enigmatically to be everything to all voters.
7438- "First thing we do," wrote Shakespeare in Henry VI, Part II, "is kill all the lawyers."
7439- Muslims have experimented with most of modernity's political faiths: socialism (Algeria, Egypt, Iraq, Libya, Syria, and Yemen), communism (South Yemen), state capitalism fused with monarchy (the Gulf states, Jordan, and Morocco).
7440- Public powers should not depend or refer to any religious authority.
7441- They also explain why, over time, the euro should gain weight in international trade.
7442- All of Uribe's political program is buttressed by his strong economic track record of consistent 5% annual growth.
7443- But cutting aid is likely to increase turmoil rather than leading to an acceptable long-term compromise between Israel and Palestine.
7444- Divide the world into three zones: the United States, China, and all the rest.
7445- Can the ICTY's investigations and indictments really be turned over to national courts?
7446- His crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten.
7447- Chirac got less than 20% of the vote; Chirac, Le Pen, and the socialist prime minister Lionel Jospin, got little more than 50% between them, and an unusually large number of voters stayed home.
7448- Here is what emerges:
7449- Since the attacks of September 2001, the United States has managed to avoid further attacks on its land.
7450- But Iraq has already degenerated into so many rival factions that apart from the abused prisoners, there is no identifiable entity America has wronged and to whom it is indebted.
7451- In hopes of stimulating FDI, bilateral agreements have multiplied, but they rarely lead to balanced commitments.
7452- Electoral systems do not change underlying social forces nor do they guarantee any particular outcome.
7453- Elections are pending in Ukraine and Moldova, and abuses normally accompanying elections are on the increase.
7454- The sooner this happens, the sooner one more scourge of financial instability will be behind us.
7455- Instead of a two part split between left and right, there was thus a triple division, between anti-globalization conservatives, pro-globalization liberals, and re-distributionist leftists.
7456- Similarly, any attempt to increase the money supply by lowering interest rates would fail as long as the exchange rate between the renminbi and dollar remains fixed.
7457- According to this view, if Iran wants to de-legitimize Israel and ultimately unite Moslems against the West, the only answer is to isolate Iran in the Middle East, and to create alliances against Iran with moderate Sunni Arab regimes.
7458- Virtually none of the economic statistics reported in the media measure risk.
7459- Great as they are, the costs are trivial in comparison to the expense of humanitarian aid, international military intervention, and reconstruction assistance.
7460- In October last year, Chirac and Schröder struck a deal on the EU's Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), ensuring that France will remain the biggest beneficiary of the farm budget after the EU takes in 10 new members in 2004.
7461- At $60 a barrel, expect the "measured" long-term rate of potential world output growth to slow by roughly 0.3% per year.
7462- The directive on free movement implies a new era of direct migration into West European welfare states.
7463- More than the advancement of science is at stake here.
7464- So debates about China should not be cast as a simple matter of right or wrong, but of when and how.
7465- Thinking about ourselves, and the world we now live in, his phrase is worth repeating: "They do not remember the world without it."
7466- For much too long, they saw it as an unhappy accident to be corrected at the first opportunity.
7467- Peru and Venezuela hardly look better; Brazil may soon follow the same course.
7468- The bomb blasts that rocked Kuta, Bali near midnight last October 12th profoundly effected almost every aspect of Indonesian life.
7469- The initiative will have to come from the top if the case is to be made within each country for more open markets, and for help to be made available to those facing adjustment.
7470- Where elections are held, Islamists do well: Hamas among Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza; the religiously-oriented Shi'ite coalition in Iraq; a parliamentary faction in Morocco and, most significantly, the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) in Turkey.
7471- High home prices are already putting great stress on many families, which are struggling to make their mortgage payments.
7472- Some 60-80,000 combat missions were reportedly been flown in the Iraq war, releasing an estimated 2,000 tons of ozone-destroying halons.
7473- Given how long it has taken to get this far, donors must act quickly to come up with the necessary funds.
7474- The new constitution eliminated the so-called "authoritarian enclaves" by subordinating the armed forces to civilian rule and removing their designated senators from Parliament.
7475- During the Great Depression, the great American economist Irving Fisher focused on the adverse effects of falling prices.
7476- While legal remedies exist should this system break down, impersonal trading cannot occur unless most people share the values of fair play and reciprocal cooperation.
7477- The project was perceived -- rightly so -- as amounting to a surrender of sovereignty, because it introduced a rigid principle of non-discrimination between foreign and local companies that would eliminate the host country's room for maneuver without offering anything in return.
7478- There is also now an acceptance that the voting system within the European Council should be based on a double majority of population and member states.
7479- Containment's goal was to prevent Soviet expansion without saddling the US with unsustainable military obligations.
7480- In other words, life promotes disorder.
7481- That is why we have always supported a real rather than "virtual" European candidacy for Turkey -- with full rights, but also with full responsibilities for completing the domestic reforms that have so far been implemented as a result of Turkey's enhanced "Accession Partnership" with the EU.
7482- "Protect property rights and enforce contracts," say Western economists.
7483- Moreover, the principle of "subsidiarity" is restricted to relations between member states and the Union, or "vertical" subsidiarity.
7484- That's where the UN and the economist Jeffrey Sachs come in. Sachs has raised about $150 million for the villages, enough for five years of support.
7485- In the countries of the "united economic space," the rule of law typically means, "I rule, and I am the law."
7486- Finally, Council meetings should be open when legislative matters are at stake, so that citizens can know who voted for what and according to which criteria.
7487- In fact, parents often appear to be the harshest taskmasters.
7488- Yet the immediate consequences of Djindjic's death will be tragic.
7489- Japan, in particular, must reformulate its national maritime strategy with this in mind.
7490- Our initial work on nanomaterial mobility in formations resembling groundwater aquifers or sand filters has shown that while one type of nanomaterial may be very mobile, a second may stay put.
7491- The recently released National Security Strategy outlines three, in particular: China's global trade expansion, its military transparency, and its relations with "misruling" states.
7492- But--and this is crucial--the Danes were told in no uncertain terms that a second No vote would lead to a situation where Denmark would have to leave the Union.
7493- Yes, do give up meat.
7494- Nor is Argentina alone.
7495- It is customary to link Africa's failures to slavery and colonization, and no one can deny such claims.
7496- The new situation in Iraq, along with the Middle East road map, were at the center of attention.
7497- This pressure for change has been building for years.
7498- The US Congress has voted almost unanimously (418 to 2 in the House of Representatives and 94 to 1 in the Senate) to tighten trade and financial sanctions against Myanmar, whose despotic regime harasses and repeatedly imprisons the country's rightful leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.
7499- Why did thousands die in Haiti during the recent hurricanes and not in Florida?
7500- Global financial markets suck most of the world's savings to the center, but they fail to pump money back out to the periphery.
7501- The World Bank's most recent estimate is that complete trade liberalization (including in manufactures and by developing nations themselves) would produce a net gain to the developing world of half a percentage point of their income.
7502- First, unlike hybrid tribunals in East Timor, Kosovo, and Sierra Leone, international judges are a minority. (A "super-majority" voting mechanism will ensure that the vote of at least one international judge is needed to reach a judgment.)
7503- Until recently, banks could offer only simple savings accounts.
7504- One question concerns political stability.
7505- But the Bank also provides grants and low-interest loans to the poorest countries, particularly for education and health, and advises these countries on development strategies.
7506- Where does this leave Europe's energy security?
7507- I believe that we can settle this most difficult question in an equitable way.
7508- This won't be easy, but there are good reasons for optimism.
7509- The third unknown is the performance of the Left Party, a new formation positioned to the left of the SPD and built on East Germany's ex-communist PDS, with the addition of a significant number of dissident Social Democrats in the West who proclaim themselves to be defenders of the welfare state.
7510- But education by itself is of only limited use here.
7511- Many of these had contributed to a softening in China's economy by routinely lending money to insolvent corporations.
7512- Such evidence emerges even with the small sample of just 12 large OECD economies.
7513- Others disagree, arguing that the mind can protect itself by banishing memories of trauma from awareness, making it difficult for victims to remember their most horrific experiences until it is safe to do so many years later.
7514- British Petroleum and American Electric Power, the largest electricity supplier in the United States, have helped the Chiquitanos buy up logging concessions, thereby doubling Noel Kempff to three million acres.
7515- By contrast, sophisticated investors, such as big stock market players, are unlikely to fall prey to this trap.
7516- No other power will be able to assume America's role in the world for the foreseeable future.
7517- In the center - beleaguered by the anti-global reactions of left and right - a liberal commercial elite saw the products of economic opening or globalization as wholly beneficial.
7518- If the world is not one day to consist of a few big nuclear powers and many mid-sized and small ones, then the big nuclear powers must now undertake a serious disarmament and non-proliferation initiative.
7519- Eric Zitzewitz of Stanford University estimates that market timing has cost US mutual fund investors about $5 billion a year--less than 0.1% of the $7 trillion mutual fund assets.
7520- Those who do not manage to get to other countries, or who fail in the countries to which they have migrated, are in a quandary.
7521- On the other hand, the National Security Council proposes "scaling down the size of defense forces," implying mitigation of the will to defend.
7522- In India, effective spraying virtually eliminated the disease by the 1960s.
7523- It might be expensive to compensate all potential losers, but we must put our money where our mouth is; if a reform is certain to pay off handsomely, it will pay for the buy-offs, and more.
7524- Of course, most Japanese politicians, media commentators, and academics understand the need for this stance, and the Japanese trait of putting a lid on troublesome issues reinforces this silence, compounding all problems in foreign policy.
7525- Instead, the job falls to the Lebanese government and armed forces, who need all the help they can get from the international community.
7526- But slow and distorted development in the Islamic world is the result of blocked opportunities as well.
7527- Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Union's economy.
7528- The UN was born as a community of nations committed to safeguard and promote the values at the heart of the fight against Nazism and Fascism.
7529- For example, Chinese representatives disbursed almost $2.3 billion to acquire a 45% stake in one of Nigeria's offshore oil fields and promised to invest an additional $2.25 billion in develop the reserves.
7530- In a discussion with President Clinton...I mentioned that one sector where we needed to push for reduced trade barriers was fish.
7531- 1.5
7532- What should not be pursued is a rigid, vertical and artificial division of labor, whereby the US plays the lone global leader (with Europe simply following) while the EU concentrates exclusively on enlarging its "house" (with the US disengaging from Continental security).
7533- But will it really enhance the rights of EU citizens?
7534- Human rights advocates began court action to demand his return.
7535- Wahhabi clerics, for example, call for jihad against the Shia "heretics" promising the rewards of heaven.
7536- These came from member countries, from civil society organizations, and from letters, documents, and email messages from across Europe.
7537- Moreover, both candidates embody continuity -- with Chirac's Gaullist side for Sarkozy and with François Mitterrand for Royal -- as much as rupture.
7538- Reporters may face criminal prosecution for publishing inaccurate information; apparently, this is the basis for the reference to "access to information."
7539- The ITA was subsequently backed by the European Union after Hugo Paemen, the EU ambassador to the US, saw the ITA as proof that sectoral agreements help circumvent mounting political resistance to new trade rounds.
7540- Moreover, new synthetic and chemical substances, which are more potent and often less expensive than the "classic" ones, are being invented.
7541- Reformist parties boycotted the vote.
7542- -3.3
7543- With fewer children to replenish the workforce, the working-age cohort of those 15-64 years old would shrink from 68.4% to 60.7%.
7544- The EU's "Wider Europe" strategy does call for closer ties to Ukraine, and for allowing us increased access to the EU's "single market."
7545- France was pursuing its own Gaullist goal of strengthening French national prestige by inflicting damage or even humiliation upon the US.
7546- Now the Bush Administration is seeking to create a similar cartel in steel.
7547- Technology travels fast and is swiftly adopted.
7548- The main objective of the new prime ministers and cabinet members is to regain popularity for their parties.
7549- Their public comments were typically devoted to development, ending Africa's many wars, and the fight against HIV/AIDS, but all of them had oil on their minds.
7550- My survey's results lend some support to this theory.
7551- The decision in such cases is based mostly on personal and social considerations rather than medical ones.
7552- The committee must enact a new hydrocarbon law that guarantees each of Iraq's factions a fair share of the country's oil wealth, which accounts for 97% of total export revenue.
7553- If all this turmoil weren't enough, the discovery of avian flu in the northern provinces further undermines political stability.
7554- In large bookstores across Russia, a huge number of political biographies and histories portray Stalin and his era.
7555- The same report warns that, if we do not change our ways, worldwide CO2 emissions will rise exponentially.
7556- The New Face of the United Nations
7557- Why the hesitation?
7558- Czechoslovakia split into two separate states.
7559- Although the UN and my country recognize the value of forests, both ecologically and economically, such recommendations are not strong enough to stop my local council from voting "yes" to deforestation.
7560- This guaranteed his victory, though the parades of armed men brandishing guns at his rallies were not exactly what democratic norms call for.
7561- Genetic engineering rests on the manipulation of DNA molecules (whether real or artificially constructed) in order to reprogram foreign cells.
7562- As for a bit of history- following Guatemala's transition from military rule to electoral democracy, Ríos Montt made several attempts in the 1990's to run for president.
7563- They are more keenly aware that if they try to redistribute too much, they will simply drive away the factors of production: capital will flow elsewhere, and labor will likewise migrate.
7564- But has the anti-trust fight gone too far?
7565- Why?
7566- In some countries, corporate managers are disciplined by the representatives of large universal banks who sit on corporate boards and vote large blocks of shares.
7567- Changes in education levels, unionization, and productivity are part of the explanation for this instability.
7568- You learn a lot about a country's underlying stability by how it responds to a crisis.
7569- Will Japan's humanitarian and restoration aid in Iraq secure a long-term national interest?
7570- So Ukrainians must find another legitimate means to restore their democratic choice.
7571- Bush's military commissions were found to fall below this standard.
7572- American universities can establish more exchange programs for students and faculty.
7573- Lacking such external threats, the ties between, say, Czechs and Slovaks (to say nothing of Serbs and Croats!) are too weak to warrant a common national level of government.
7574- It is not clear at this point how much determination Iraq's emerging democratic leaders will have.
7575- Human rights activists have increasingly sought friendly foreign courts, willing to invoke universal jurisdiction over so-called crimes "of international concern."
7576- In fact, more aid is likely to increase corruption, because it augments the amount of resources over which elites fight.
7577- In Copenhagen we will make concrete decisions on how we may strengthen their preparations for membership.
7578- Aside from abandoning the "one-child" policy, China could avoid this outcome by climbing the value chain in manufacturing and services, as Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea, and Taiwan have done.
7579- Once again, this results from a combination of North Korea's political despotism, atrocious economic policy, and international sanctions.
7580- This is where Mexico stands today: a mess by any definition, with no obvious solution in sight.
7581- The EU's new frontier will face a huge flow of illicit labor and other forms of human trafficking.
7582- Facing re-election and preoccupied with Iraq, President Bush cannot afford a crisis in the Far East.
7583- Inevitably, in the bright public square, Augustus the Fool, the poet, faces the Clown of Power.
7584- Our understanding of the world, of our freedom to act in the world, and the possibilities of violence aimed at us because of who we are - these have all changed.
7585- Thus, the accusations -- and facts -- about the PT's flagrant violations of Brazil's campaign-finance laws, together with its apparently brazen attempts to buy votes in Congress (not unlike what often occurs in more mature democracies) is not very surprising.
7586- Continuing on the current path will only destroy the nation's workers.
7587- Such a large Shura Council would provide a broad Iraqi face and body to the interim administration.
7588- Over 60 countries are working together to halt the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
7589- Australia, Ireland, and the Scandinavian countries all had their own sustained bursts of unexpectedly rapid growth.
7590- Some royals recognize this and know that a more thorough housecleaning is needed.
7591- Indeed, the opposite may be the case: combating deflation could have the perverse effect of creating high inflation.
7592- Protests by some parties that could not afford the high cost of TV spots and billboards mirror similar complaints in the US.
7593- But they dare not overrun the open, commercial ethic of China's region-states--the source of their country's prosperity.
7594- Given widespread apathy about changes in consumer prices, the modest success of a new market to hedge inflation risk, the European inflation futures market at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME), is noteworthy.
7595- More broadly, the fact that the anti-secession law was introduced at all comes as a major disappointment to those who had been impressed by the apparent sophistication and skillfulness of recent Chinese diplomacy.
7596- If these banks also have a commercial bank division, they may have an incentive to maintain credit lines beyond a prudent level, because to cut such lines would put at risk high potential future revenues from mergers and acquisitions and stock and bond issues.
7597- But it is also prompting profound social changes that are rooted in a rising rights consciousness within society, something strengthened--and amplified-- not only by the growth of the economy, but by the rapid spread of the internet.
7598- ("J'aime tellement l'Allemagne que je préfère qu'il y en ait deux .") Germany's division created a rough demographic parity between French and West Germans.
7599- Similarly alarmist predictions about imminent worldwide famine have also been falsified.
7600- For the last 43 years, this perspective has been largely defined by Turkey's interest in joining the European Union and by the EU's promise of accession.
7601- Zinedine Zidane may be pondering that bit of ancient Greek wisdom today.
7602- Religious Pluralism for a Pluralist Age
7603- Guilt is based, they say, on what we do; shame, on who we are.
7604- Since the Pakistani military incursion in May-June 1999 across the "Line of Control" (the de facto international border in the disputed state of Jammu and Kashmir) near Kargil, relations have been at their lowest in decades.
7605- Add two billion Indian and Chinese workers to the global labor force, and the value of other means of production -- particularly capital and commodities (for example, gold and oil) -- is bound to go up.  And so it has, with capitalists everywhere gaining an ever larger share of the economic pie.
7606- Even the word "neo-liberal" exaggerates the intellectual coherence of this counter force.
7607- Yet, until recently, one could insure one's home against fire or other damage, but not against a loss in market value.
7608- Some analysts, as well as former Ukrainian prime minister Yuliya Tymoshenko, raised accusations of corruption against the company, RosUkrEnergo.
7609- There are arguments which make the choice far less clear-cut than it may seem.
7610- Indeed, I once read that Stalin's appointment to his first key party post was a mistake.
7611- A substantial workout has been underway in the US to correct the excesses of the internet boom.
7612- This stands in sharp contrast to the communist mainland, which has reinvented itself to become one of world's more open, competitive, and dynamic economies.
7613- Eventually, I took the language, the home, with me, as a snail does.
7614- In such a medicalized framework it is morally and legally almost irrelevant who finally administers the lethal drug: if physicians are closely involved, there is no reason why they should not administer the lethal drug themselves.
7615- Throughout the EU, as in much of the world, from the Indian subcontinent to large parts of Africa, English increasingly functions as the language of international communication.
7616- More frequently, uncertainty leads to someone claiming to know how to eliminate it - frequently through arbitrary powers that benefit but a few.
7617- He resigned as Foreign Minister in 1990, crying out that Russia was returning to dictatorship.
7618- Global warming is one of those rare instances where the scientific community is more fearful of what may be happening than the population at large.
7619- Even if we are forced, faute de mieux , to speculate about ancient Indian social life, we must remain true to the common facts of economic and military life among European and Asian civilizations, which imposed similar institutional responses.
7620- Our second challenge is to find the keys to open that door.
7621- They know that ultimately we all must rely on our own initiative and effort, and they make use of the opportunities of open markets.
7622- Few concepts are as elastic as that of ``Conservatism.''
7623- I have also written about globalization's anomalies: money should flow from rich to poor countries, but in recent years it has been going in the opposite direction.
7624- After all, who could possibly think that the US now looks great?
7625- Before July's protests, they hoped that Hong Kong would provide so attractive an example of the idea of ``One Country, Two Systems'' that Taiwan would be lured into accepting the sovereignty of the government in Beijing.
7626- If those countries have been egoistic in the past fourteen years, why should candidates believe they would not misuse new decision-making mechanisms to the detriment of small countries--hence the opposition of some candidate countries to creating the post of a European president.
7627- Xu Zerong, a social scientist trained at Harvard and Oxford, is serving a 13-year sentence in Guangdong Province for photocopying materials on Chinese military tactics during the 1950-53 Korean War.
7628- Sino-Japanese amity was hardly enhanced in mid-November, when a Chinese nuclear sub encroached into Japanese waters. Nor did it help when Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao snubbed Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's invitation to visit his country.
7629- Demand growth at a pace that in any previous decade would have been seen as highly satisfactory is suddenly desperately insufficient, and Bush is being blamed (with some justice) for the slack labor market that has resulted.
7630- To refer to these people as mutants would surely invite widespread criticism.
7631- This shift in Turkey's strategic role may also be reflected in a new domestic balance between the military and the forces pushing for reform.
7632- Similarly, markets are a powerful solvent of religious and communal antagonism, by creating incentives to cooperate with those whose identity and ultimate commitments differ from our own.
7633- The mayhem of the Second World War was followed by more than 40 years of Communist dictatorship in Central and Eastern Europe.
7634- That summit marks the moment to begin fulfilling President Putin's call to subordinate foreign policy to Russia's economic interests.
7635- The outcome may well be the demise of Ryanair.
7636- They maintain that Russia needs a big standing army in order to defend the country in any potential war with the US.
7637- These arguments explain the big role played by the dollar in trade.
7638- US Democrats argued that if America faced an economic downturn, the government needed the flexibility to run a deficit.
7639- After all, Isabelita -- a very small woman in every sense and Perón's third wife after Evita -- became the country's first female President only because she was Perón's widow.
7640- Is the Market Doomed in Giscard's New Europe?
7641- They were extracted from the churches, not granted by them.
7642- On his web page and through his radio program, Fujimori assures listeners that Toledo's anti-corruption program is a fantasy and that Toledo's association with Montesinos will bring about more looting of the treasury.
7643- But an increasingly virulent and violent clash of cultures is emerging in Europe -- particularly in France, Germany, Spain, and the Netherlands -- between Islam and the humanitarian, Christian, and Jewish traditions.
7644- Others may aspire; others may join.
7645- I have good news and bad news, but since I don't know which is which, I will convey them in their logical order.
7646- The air in the sheds is high in ammonia from bird feces, which are usually allowed to pile up for months -- and in some cases for a year or more -- before being cleaned out.
7647- Small changes in practices, when replicated by hundreds of millions of people, can make an enormous difference.
7648- If properly managed, migration can enhance Europe's cultural wealth and meet its labor-market needs, as fertility rates in the EU fall and its population ages.
7649- The key test of those commitments will come next month at a UN Conference in Monterrey, Mexico on Finance for Development.
7650- We can only know that once all economic players have the opportunity to decide freely on where they wish to place their financial assets.
7651- No longer can the lira be devalued to favor Italian exports to the detriment of the French, followed by a French reaction, etc.
7652- Exchange rates and stock market prices deviate enormously from long-run fundamental values, which can cause major dislocations in the real economy of jobs, production, and investment.
7653- The error is called the "money illusion " -- the belief that a nominal unit of currency is the best measure of value, even though its real value is unstable.
7654- In the future, companies and countries should agree on a simple principle: there should be, to paraphrase President Woodrow Wilson's memorable words, "open contracts, openly and transparently arrived at."
7655- This is not to suggest, of course, that just because the EU cannot agree on a budget or a constitution Europe is approaching yet another historical calamity.
7656- Neither has Europe.
7657- From Morocco, Algeria, Libya, and Sudan to Bahrain and Yemen -- indeed, throughout the Muslim world from Jakarta to Nigeria -- Islamic radicals have won the popularity sweepstakes.
7658- So it is probably best to examine the merits of each case separately, looking to precedents and agendas for guidance.
7659- Every economic downturn comes to an end, and it is high time for America's economy, which began slumping almost four years ago, to recover.
7660- Now consider what an expanded UNIFIL is mandated to do under Resolution 1701: peacekeepers must monitor the ceasefire between Israel and Hezbollah; support and accompany the Lebanese armed forces as they deploy in southern Lebanon; assist Lebanon's government in securing the country's borders and ports to keep illegal weapons from getting into Hezbollah's hands; and "help ensure humanitarian access to civilian populations and the voluntary and safe return of displaced persons."
7661- All at once, China is rapidly emerging as a growing economic force.
7662- Here, however, we hit a soft spot: European treaties protect competition, but are neutral vis-à-vis state ownership of companies.
7663- Despite prudent fiscal policies and a primary surplus target (i.e. before interest payments) of 3.75%, Brazil's debt has continued to grow and for several months has been difficult - if not impossible - to refinance.
7664- In the first place, grey goo is a purely imaginary danger.
7665- In due course, the Treasury would reach a judgment that would be technically expert, economically impartial, and politically neutral.
7666- The problem is that economic globalization has outpaced the globalization of politics and mindsets.
7667- America would benefit not less than Europe from an effective system of global governance in the achievement of its goals -- be it freer trade, a viable non-proliferation regime, containment and prevention of regional conflicts, or better regulated financial markets.
7668- But Hong Kong is surrendering the uniqueness and exceptional position it once held over the Chinese world.
7669- Yet, despite this huge advantage, some foreign firms can still make it in the American market.
7670- Mbeki's own brother, Moeletsi Mbeki, who heads the South Africa Institute for International Affairs, has a more forthright view of the political mayhem in Zimbabwe and the tardy pace of efforts to arrest the situation. ``Here's a guy breaking all the rules of democracy,'' he says, referring to Mugabe, ``and no African government is stepping forward and saying, `It's time for you to go.'''
7671- In our immediate neighborhood, Belarus's President Alexander Lukashenko ignored warnings from Russia and went ahead with a referendum that enables him to remain president for life.
7672- Modernization Versus Westernization
7673- The real differences in living standards are not quite as large, but they are a temptation nonetheless.
7674- Failures of rainfall contribute not only to famines and chronic hunger, but also to the onset of violence when hungry people clash over scarce food and water.
7675- Through tricks and threats Iraq's fallen dictatorship largely succeeded in keeping this tragedy under cover.
7676- While the high-tech sector at the top of the economic pyramid is important, the traditional sectors at the bottom still form the foundation.
7677- True, everything nowadays is judged relative to the euphoria of recent years.
7678- Germany, Japan, and several other rich countries are also doing much less than they should - and much less than they promised the poor countries that they would do.
7679- 0.1
7680- It may be unfortunate that Realpolitik is the order of the day, but it is, so others must learn to play the same game.
7681- In any case, it is the sad, solitary privilege of human beings to kill our own consciously, as well as to commit suicide.
7682- When the dust settled, it turned out that American, Dutch, and other importers all suffered roughly the same degree of shortfall and paid the same damaging high price.
7683- A good place to start is an idea supported by French Socialist leader Dominique Strauss-Kahn, who has proposed that 0.25% of Europe's GDP be dedicated to research and used to create a European Agency for Research.
7684- As all sides must be aware, time is running out for a diplomatic solution.
7685- For some, that is a price worth paying; for others, the costs seem too high.
7686- The scandals may be pushing the boat of market sentiment downwards, but their effect is being overwhelmed by the rising tide of economic prosperity, at least for now.
7687- Second, as these other fossil fuels take up the slack when oil production reaches a plateau or starts to decline, the effects of fossil fuels on the climate must be brought under control.
7688- By contrast, the direct costs of a military attack on Saddam Hussein's regime will be minuscule in terms of total US government spending.
7689- We must endeavor to shorten the list of challenges facing humanity. But that requires all of us to engage in a debate about what we need to do first.
7690- And the difficulty people everywhere have in thinking in terms of probabilities -- especially low probabilities, which they tend to write off -- weakens political support for incurring the costs of taking precautionary measures.
7691- For example, the head of the UN Climate Panel says, "We are risking the ability of the human race to survive."
7692- Both groups are fully transparent about their motives and activities.
7693- Water running down is matter losing its potential energy.
7694- Korea is active and constructive in the WTO, except on agriculture.
7695- It will likely take one or two decades, not just a year or two, the proposed time frame of American military presence in Iraq after the expected ouster of Hussein.
7696- The supposition that China cannot become a threat in the near future, or in the next twenty years, is simplistic, because it ignores basic aspects of China's political system.
7697- One thing is clear. Countries like Ghana do not lack enterprise.
7698- All of those crimes were committed during "Operation Condor," a Latin America-wide program among the continent's dictators to physically eliminate their opponents on the left.
7699- Political parties everywhere must now become an agent for similar change.
7700- Venezuela's oil reserves are vast, but they should not be squandered on foreign adventures disguised as economic integration.
7701- America and Europe are not only following divergent economic policies, but their currencies are also diverging because the world is going through a major exchange-rate realignment.
7702- Abolition of taxes on realized capital gains increased the sales of shares enormously.
7703- Nothing comes easy in this world: if the Union cannot manage a multicultural society in Europe, then it ought to prepare itself for permanent stagnation.
7704- Indeed, a politician's reputation can be damaged even if no one doubts the truthfulness of his statements. It suffices if people feel that he is trying to mislead them, or even that he has not got things clear in his own mind.
7705- In the process of reaching this decision, however, several long simmering issues have come to the fore.
7706- The No vote won 54%, but only 35% of eligible voters bothered to turn up at the polls.
7707- In my view, Holocaust denial should not be outlawed, in contrast to the demand for all, or any, Jews to be killed.
7708- President Bush's view on taxation is strikingly different from his predecessor's.
7709- Looking back, an almost endless laundry list of grievances existed on both sides.
7710- This should enhance confidence in the UN.
7711- The magnitude of this change is due, in part, to a radical and rapid shift in China's governance.
7712- Early entry, otherwise, would be an empty gesture.
7713- The crisis over the Union's future direction triggered by a French "No" vote could last for some time.
7714- Almost every day, we learn of yet another greedy US corporate chief executive who conspired with accountants, lawyers, and investment bankers to defraud the investing public.
7715- That case is not yet proven.
7716- Weak national unity has underpinned an even more damaging pattern.
7717- According to the UN's Human Development Report, one in five children in the world's poorest countries does not go to school, including a staggering 40% of school-age kids in sub-Saharan Africa.
7718- Far more serious was the lack of transparency in the Central Electoral Commission and the political imbalances on some local commissions. Some of this may have been deliberate, but incompetence also played a part.
7719- External crises have a long history in the region.
7720- I am running so as to implement a real program to rebuild the economy.
7721- He believed that it should be possible to resolve the student protests and respect the principles of democracy and the rule of law.
7722- Strangely, each statement is both true and false.
7723- So far as equality is concerned, the guarantee of full citizenship rights for all represents a major task.
7724- The black, red, and gold German tricolor adorns the entire country as never before, but almost nowhere are there nationalist undertones.
7725- The Vatican's stance on the Italian vote is emblematic of a broader threat to the very foundation of modern liberal democracy: the constitutional separation of Church and State.
7726- There is also a need to ensure that the citizens of all member states, big and small, are adequately and appropriately represented in the European Parliament.
7727- If the Japanese firm sells its goods to a particular Swiss market dominated by Swiss firms (which invoice in Swiss francs), it would prefer to price in Swiss francs too.
7728- (Had they been fooled, perhaps they would have been more forgiving.)
7729- The classic example comes to mind of the man who shouts "Fire!" in a crowded theatre.
7730- Indeed, there is no realistic chance that the Iraqi army and police will be able to take over combat responsibilities and effective policing any time soon.
7731- A gene for social skills, we are told, has now entered the fast growing Pantheon of genes "for" various human behaviors and dispositions--taking its place alongside genes for risk-taking, happiness, aggression, and sexual orientation, among others.
7732- Now, more than ever, we must believe this, for Russian troops wearing Ukrainian uniforms have entered our country, because Ukrainian soldiers are refusing to carry out orders to crush those who are demonstrating to defend our democracy.
7733- It is a bitterness rooted, in other words, in material causes, not in some fanatical, irrational, and anti-democratic sentiment whose adherents must either be re-educated or crushed.
7734- The answer appears to be that there is nobody in the financial centers of New York, London, Tokyo, Frankfurt, and Hong Kong who thinks it is their business to bet on a future flight from the dollar.
7735- The Re-Birth of Utopia
7736- But they can do something about globalization.
7737- At the same time, in much of the Muslim world, authoritarian regimes typically attempt to control and propagate exclusionary forms of Islamic dogma.
7738- Some of the opposition stems from misunderstandings.
7739- Even in Israel, the last true immigration country - at least for Jews - assimilation is no longer so easy.
7740- The EU also needs to put meat on the bones of its new Neighborhood Policy, while NATO must apply new mechanisms for strengthening ties with the region.
7741- A functioning health system would cost more than its entire government revenue!
7742- In the US, one's income is a dark secret that one might not reveal even to one's own spouse.
7743- Many, if not most, of the members no longer recognize NATO as central to their national interest.
7744- One immediate consequence would be to abandon the US attempt to prosecute Saddam Hussein on its own and to invoke an international tribunal.
7745- Of course, we have lots of problems that the EU wants to see resolved: unfettered corruption, poor public administration, a justice system that makes a mockery of impartiality, and an economy which, despite some progress, has not yet been declared a "functioning market" by the European Commission.
7746- This kind of insular reaction to a fundamentally global problem is self-destructive.
7747- In fact, Al Jazeera was founded only after the BBC closed its Arabic language station under Saudi pressure.
7748- Increasingly, Europe's politicians regard excess liquidity and economic reform as substitutes for one another.
7749- A leadership change or increased Russian and Chinese pressure on Kyrgyz leaders could precipitate calls for a renegotiation of the agreement regarding access to Manas -- or even demands for its termination altogether.
7750- Nevertheless, there is every reason to expect the German economy's upswing to continue for the time being.
7751- Before the hostages were released, Taylor killed six soldiers and stole their weapons and cars.
7752- And all working children are vulnerable to malnutrition, as their diet typically lacks the items necessary to build body tissues.
7753- Such a survey would obviously take us to Iraq, to Israel, and Palestine -- and to terrorism.
7754- Some may argue that so controversial an issue should be stripped from NATO's agenda in these uncertain times.
7755- Lord Ashdown, the High Representative of a coalition of countries in Bosnia-Herzegovina, has set a good example of how the rule of law can be established.
7756- Throughout the Hemisphere, paternalistic governments accustom people to receiving just enough to survive instead of participating in society.
7757- If the French vote No, M. Chirac is finished.
7758- American companies and the entire US economy have a huge stake in China now, so both candidates have no interest in rocking the boat.
7759- Nor have his bluster and ill temper improved matters.
7760- But, as one developing country minister put it, "Our farmers can compete with America's farmers; we just can't compete with America's Treasury."
7761- Is America an Empire?
7762- Indeed, the entire process of choosing these international institutions' leaders is a historical anachronism that undermines their effectiveness and makes a mockery of the G-7 countries' commitment to democracy.
7763- In fact, the policy was a disaster for the world's most vulnerable children: any out of pocket costs for schooling meant no schooling at all.
7764- Consider, first, the recent nuclear agreement signed between the US and India.
7765- Only 199,000 voters, some of them representatives from corporations, elect the legislators who fill these seats.
7766- Outside of China, Cuba, and North Korea communism is popular only in West European cafés and a few American college campuses.
7767- The government may want to arrest me. Indeed, I was arrested for treason even before the election.
7768- It's that simple. Georgia can be a democratic domino in the Caucasus, but only with committed international support.
7769- A few years ago, a local Internet entrepreneur was arrested in Ghana, her employees jailed and her computer equipment confiscated.
7770- China and the US both have much to gain by thwarting Taiwan's move toward independence.
7771- With death one ceases to be a member of society.
7772- Worse yet, two of the cases were timed to humiliate Chen - one on the eve of his assumption of the Democratic Progressive Party chairmanship, the other before his stopover in New York while on a state visit to Central America.
7773- MOSCOW-NIZHNY NOVGOROD-NOVOSIBIRSK: "Forward to Communism!"
7774- Brazil, frustrated with America's intransigence, brought a case against US cotton subsidies before the WTO, which ruled as almost any economist would: the subsidies distort world trade and are therefore prohibited.
7775- The Lawless Sheriff
7776- Travel broadens the mind, they say, but for that to happen, more is required than merely frequent changes of location.
7777- They still support Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee, but their demands for accountability have laid down boundaries beyond which the BJP and Congress will now stray only at the risk of paying a high political cost.
7778- Some are impaired in their ability to give informed consent due to mental or cognitive disabilities, or are exposed to coercion, improper monitoring, and pervasive conflicts of interest.
7779- The actor and writer Peter Ustinov found a graphic image for this: "Education is important, especially when it comes to dismantling prejudices.
7780- But more than the draft's omissions are worrying.
7781- For the UN to meet these challenges, its very structure must change.
7782- It would also need to help poor countries cope with the quasi-generalization of "social and environmental responsibility" standards that are increasingly shaping corporate practices and consumer demand.
7783- First, if academic achievement is the entry ticket to power and status, what about the rest? What about those who do not make it to university?
7784- While China's consumer price index rose 5.3% in the year ending in July 2004, this was due primarily to a spike in food prices; both before and since, inflation has been negligible.
7785- His corrupt cronies and military officials who benefitted during his lawless regime stand by him - not only to preserve their own corrupt incomes, but also out of fear of the retribution that might follow their fall from power.
7786- But even he might find it daunting to reconcile the conflicting demands of the ECB to accelerate the interest-rate normalization process and those of the French political establishment to maintain the status quo.
7787- If Nato says "Yes" to the Baltics, it must make both Moscow and the Baltic three understand that enlargement is meant to increase stability along Russia's western border, not threaten Russia.
7788- Whether his successors can revive and complete the Palestinians' historic mission depends on how they define their goal.
7789- Poland is a free country, a member of NATO and of the EU, while the Soviet Union is no more.
7790- In other words, force becomes disproportionate when the costs of using it are too high.
7791- Nevertheless, the same thing occurred with the first and second volumes of The Argentines , another look at our history by Jorge Lanata, one of Argentina's best known journalists.
7792- But where should the funds needed to pay for this huge investment come from?
7793- This, too, seems doubtful.
7794- Many believe that essentially unlimited private money favors the Republicans.
7795- Of course, confrontation with America must be avoided.
7796- Yet, if Brazil is to enjoy growth above the modest levels of the past few years, the country badly needs to reform its labor laws, open itself more to foreign trade, and improve the quality of its primary education system.
7797- The country needs a new constitution -- one that enshrines genuine democracy.
7798- Islam's Fanatical 1%
7799- At the moment, Afghanistan's drug lords are prospering, and rural communities are suffering.
7800- America's stock market plunged in October 1929, and the US and much of the world then fell into a Great Depression.
7801- More generally, they must examine employee ownership programs both sympathetically and analytically, in order to suggest ways to hedge the risks they create.
7802- Since then, Putin has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans, not just Russians, nervous.
7803- The second male behavior is a patricidal imperative that is perhaps the most shameful and atavistic of the primal impulses that still lurk in some archaic part of our brains. The idea that one must somehow supplant one's mentor, cast the previous generation out into the wilderness, and make oneself the leader of the pack seems to obsess men.
7804- Enhanced European capabilities would allow America to leave many instabilities in and around Europe in the care of its allies.
7805- Such a government would have taken more action to strengthen levees.
7806- But the continued strength of the Yen is mystifying.
7807- The Politics of Frustration
7808- But the party never debated or theorized this choice, simply accepting former Prime Minister Lionel Jospin's claim that the fiscal stability and financial modernization resulting from the decision was but a "parenthesis."
7809- The experience of the last decade suggests that a policy of engaging the Kremlin intensely while protecting fundamental Western interests may be the best way to proceed.
7810- I favored the approach of "dollarization", or replacing the Peso by the US dollar and thereby ending the fear of a future change of the exchange rate.
7811- Without natural selection, the appeal to God made sense.
7812- The Alliance received not only most protest votes, but also a large part of the liberal, traditionally anti-communist center.
7813- Children must learn that they do not live in a monoculture, but in a pluralist society bound together by universal values and common laws.
7814- More and more workers have joined the ranks of the long-term unemployed--out of a job so long that they are no longer eligible for unemployment benefits.
7815- Kerry has responded that he would have done everything differently, and that he would be in a better position to extricate us.
7816- Examples of the benefits of deregulation abound.
7817- If you take a step back from whatever biome you are in at the moment and look at the entire Earth and its forests through recorded history, you will see that the relationship between humans and trees looks Strangely Like War (the title of a recent book on forests by Derrick Jensen and George Draffan).
7818- Chemistry and biochemistry are similarly solid -- there are some things we don't understand about the body, but it is believed that the basic machinery of how cells and molecules interact is known.
7819- When Japan's government tried to become a permanent member of the UN Security Council, few African countries backed its bid, despite receiving economic aid for decades.
7820- Destroyed water and wastewater treatment facilities, use of depleted uranium in anti-tank missiles, and ground water contamination may well lead to a host of other problems.
7821- That fusion, however, remains modern politics'other lethal temptation.
7822- If we have a moral obligation, it is to spend each dollar doing the most good that we possibly can.
7823- More unfortunate still was his implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in Sydney in 2000, in which the attackers' legal defense was that they thought the women were sexually available because they wore Western clothes.
7824- Efforts to find new revenues will chase spending cuts that in recent years have led to a decline in public-sector investment and education spending and a shift in responsibility for welfare spending from the federal to local governments.
7825- My concerns were borne out -- faster and in a manner far worse than I had ever expected.
7826- My long road of immaturity began more than half a century ago.
7827- But replacing private insurance with public insurance has its own problems: consider the parlous circumstances in which Britain's National Health System finds itself, the result of generations of politically driven underinvestment in health care.
7828- Oblivious, apparently, to the dreadfulness of the situation, they failed to sound the alarm properly and did nothing to intervene.
7829- Is justice for the victims and perpetrators of Saddam's crimes any less important for separating Iraq's past from the present and the future?
7830- Chen's record suggests he will hang on to his failed presidency.
7831- For these analyses are hardly neutral, but unwittingly enter an ongoing confrontation.
7832- That is why right-to-know laws are so important.
7833- This intensifies poverty in the next generation, as average farm sizes shrink.
7834- This silence is vital to the princes, for what the al-Saud care about most is US support.
7835- But his two aggressive adventures - the more recent over twelve years ago - ended in humiliating failure.
7836- It is possible that to reduce these transactions costs, Bush will propose restricting choice, which was the main argument for privatization in the first place.
7837- • Greater intellectual coherence is needed.
7838- By contrast, viable reform in Saudi Arabia faces much greater challenges.
7839- The Intergovernmental Conference should therefore not re-open the main political compromises of the Convention.
7840- Soon, Hezbollah rockets supplied by Syria and Iran were striking northern Israel.
7841- Thirty years ago, Indonesia and Nigeria - both dependent on oil - had comparable per capita incomes.
7842- But more realistic estimates put environmental damage at 8-13% of China's GDP growth each year, which means that China has lost almost everything it has gained since the late 1970's due to pollution.
7843- Doing the best things first would be a great investment in the planet's future.
7844- At times, this triumvirate acts to reinforce the EU's external influence. This happened when the British, French, and German foreign ministers journeyed to Iran last autumn, where they forged an agreement that would allow for international inspection of Iran's nuclear facilities.
7845- The political moralist wants to "hammer out morality" in keeping with the requirements of politics construed as a cynical game. It is a label that easily applies to all the types of dishonest politicians described above.
7846- IMF loans thus relieve austerity: they help governments limit the amount of budgetary belt-tightening required in a crisis.
7847- In the early 1980's, China's saving rate was twice as high.
7848- But their activities are insignificant, primarily because Russia's megarich tend to be more concerned with their reputations in the West than at home.
7849- A few shots across the bow came from inside the community, from just across the street at the World Bank.
7850- Between 1995 and 2002, it doubled the percentage of its rapidly growing GDP that it invests in R&D, with biotechnology and other high-tech fields enjoying the highest priority.
7851- He basically argued that over the past ten years, Mexico, while hardly a paradise, was on something of a roll: inflation came under control, growth began to pick up, poverty was being reduced, and lower interest rates made credit available to the lower middle class.
7852- On December 10th, women from around the world will gather at the European Parliament to fight against Female Genital Mutilation.
7853- In 1976, soon after coming to MIT, Rudi wrote his most famous and influential article, "Expectations and Exchange Rate Dynamics", on the overshooting of exchange rates.
7854- Hollywood's Favorite Villains.
7855- Controversy over the Pact has set off a nasty dispute between small and big countries in the euro-zone.
7856- My contributions are made in that spirit.
7857- According to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, 815 million people, including 200 million children under the age of five, go to bed hungry each night.
7858- She began to equivocate and in the end said that she had not.
7859- All of this discredited the negative views promulgated by the Soviet media.
7860- Life After Power
7861- India benefits from democratic politics, but suffers from overly bureaucratized government.
7862- One major cause of the UN crisis is the change in the international situation after the demise of the Soviet Union and the proliferation of what I call ``incompetent states.''
7863- To be sure, this impression disappears if one focuses on explicit political content.
7864- The reality is not as gleaming as it first looks.
7865- So, can the SGP be made to work in favor, rather than against, structural reforms, without abandoning the rules-based approach of the SGP?
7866- Quality education is the single greatest asset that a nation can give to its people.
7867- No matter how persuasive Abbas is in convincing radical groups to put down their arms, a unilateral ceasefire will not last long if it is not mutual.
7868- Such a strategy would be less simple than merely holding highly imperfect elections.
7869- The problem is that, in Romania, we have a hard enough time comprehending and protecting human rights, let alone animal rights.
7870- A country's attractiveness or soft power stems partly from its culture and values (where they are attractive to others), but it also grows out of a country's policies when they are seen as legitimate, consultative, and inclusive of the interests of others.
7871- In South Korea in 1961, the major constraint was the gap between the social and private return on investment.
7872- Fortunately, North Korea's leaders prefer survival to suicide.
7873- Zhao's fate is also a chilling reminder of other injustices that are on the consciences of those now in power.
7874- None seem to have an explanation for why God's wrath was especially directed to mosques, madrassas, and schools -- all of which collapsed in huge numbers.
7875- Teachers worry that banning possession of seditious materials will undermine academic freedom.
7876- While NATO and the EU have improved their working relations, more steps need to be taken to eliminate mistrust, unhealthy competition, and information-sharing blockages.
7877- Similar observations have been made for the auditory system.
7878- The victory of Gutierrez, who participated in the failed coup against President Jamil Mahuad in 2000, is a serious blow to speedy approval of the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA)--the Bush administration's effort to create a hemispheric trade bloc rivaling the European Union.
7879- And as the recent arrests in London suggest, it is also possible that the desire of some terrorists to accomplish something more dramatic than the 9/11 attacks may have complicated their ability to implement their plans and increased the prospect that they will be detected.
7880- It is understandable that good Europeans like the Dutch and the Finns find it unacceptable that heavyweights like France and Germany now claim to be more equal than smaller countries.
7881- In the 1990's, it looked as if the rest of the world wanted to do business the American way, with active capital markets and company bosses responding to shareholder interests.
7882- Since then, Abdullah Badawi has been popularizing the concept of "Hadhari," shaping it as a means to shift Islam's focus from its sanctioning function to its civilizing potential and rendering it less ideological.
7883- Internal stability and economic recovery continue to be elusive, with the specter of civil war hovering ever closer.
7884- At that level of production, Iraq would be a middle-income country, with a gross national product per person of several thousand dollars per year, including non-oil production.
7885- Al Jazeera not only provided live interviews and broadcasts from the field; it introduced live debate to the Arab world.
7886- For what is the point of doing away with Europe's physical borders if borders between its citizens remain?
7887- The economic policy platform of the center-left coalition seemed neither convincing nor credible for those who wanted less government intervention and lower taxes.
7888- Worse, without support from this strategic group, other social groups, such as workers and peasants, have become politically marginalized and rudderless.
7889- Sešelj has worked hard to soften his image.
7890- (The Dutch never would go along with this.)
7891- Academics remain largely in denial about the impact of knowledge management.
7892- Effective demobilization and reconciliation in El Salvador, for example, ensured the consolidation of peace after that country's brutal civil war of the 1980's.
7893- The twenty-first century will be different in ways that we cannot fathom today.
7894- Chinese households do save a lot, about one quarter of their income.
7895- Unless breeders adapt to the new, coming European era, Romanian pigs, at least those bred on thousands and thousands of small farms scattered across the countryside, seem doomed.
7896- The emergence of the nation-state in the eighteenth century, and the extreme level of barbarism reached in the twentieth century, may have created the impression that an ethical politics was an unrealizable dream, or that it was a dream growing ever more distant as it receded into the future.
7897- Developing countries would implement sound economic policies accompanied by good governance.
7898- With two of the world's largest economies facing sustained deflation in the last few years, and inflation contained almost everywhere, the focus should not be inflation, but rather unemployment and underutilization of economic capacity.
7899- One of Kennan's great insights was that the US is well served by conflict among America's adversaries.
7900- That condemnation matters, because passing judgment on the trade-off between the efficiency gains to be had from any merger versus the threat to competition is a subtle matter, not an ideological one.
7901- Sometimes the two methods - consultation without action in Europe, actions without consultation in the US - can be turned to mutual advantage.
7902- In an economy with vast problems, underutilization of resources, and a massive lack of credit, a modest credit expansion would not in fact lead to high inflation.
7903- The banks and speculators reap handsome gains, governments are overburdened with unsustainable commercial debts, the domestic productive sector is starved of medium- and long-term financing, and most people remain mired in appalling poverty.
7904- Yet, as the results of the parliamentary elections held on March 31 demonstrate, Ukrainians remain determined to travel that road.
7905- Even before the Bardot visit, demonstrators besieged City Hall in opposition to the plan.
7906- In Central America and Mexico clothing production is vitally important -- generating 400,000 and 600,000 jobs, respectively -- and represents the heart of Central America's maquiladoras (free trade zones), which account for more than 70% of regional exports to the US.
7907- The EU must promote democratic development in neighboring countries without expecting or demanding reciprocal concessions.
7908- If interest rates rise too far, then the collapse in housing values will lead to large-scale foreclosures and a collapse in consumption spending as well.
7909- Back then, the outcome of the Madrid summit that agreed to their membership was uncertain until the final moments.
7910- In the 1980's, there were no beggars on city streets, and the main social cleavage divided the small number of politically well-connected people, who enjoyed a privileged lifestyle, from everyone else.
7911- But they are far from being a monolithic group: enmity, jealously, anger over the past brutalities and injustices visited upon many of their kin may make some generals and colonels open to suggestions of a coup.
7912- How did this simplistic, certainly unscientific, and frequently damaging approach gain such dominance?
7913- Pascal's wager applies entirely to one person.
7914- The symbol of new life would become dead meat.
7915- The good news--and the bad--is that the pace of technological change in these sectors is sufficiently fast that much of the equipment may become obsolete well before it is worn out, or even used, enabling new investment to start faster than it otherwise would.
7916- This could have happened sooner if the Bush administration had supported tax cuts for the poor and middle class, rather than for the rich.
7917- If so, could a worldwide recession follow?
7918- At the Cold War's end, East European countries did not try to form local alliances, as they did in the 1920's, but looked toward Brussels as the magnet for their futures.
7919- But there were several unique factors in the Palestinian context.
7920- The EU is rightly searching for its identity as a collective actor.
7921- Today's universities are expected to function as dispensers of credentials and engines of economic growth.
7922- Of course, working conditions may be experienced as threatening even when objectively they are not, or trivial symptoms may be interpreted as manifestations of serious illness.
7923- And, although the West Bank has not been used to launch rockets against Israel, there is no reason why the Palestinians who reside there will not resort to such weapons if walls continue to be built deep inside their territories and Israel continues to act with arrogance towards them.
7924- Let the debate begin.
7925- It is not being negative or obstructionist in blocking the liberalization process on several fronts, which is India's historic manner of conducting global trade negotiations.
7926- Over the next three years, the aptly named Extraordinary Chambers will seek to produce a measure of legal accountability for one of the worst genocides of the twentieth century.
7927- This solution is rendered more urgent in Nigeria by the prospect of exploiting the country's vast reserves of natural gas, which may aggravate and prolong the resource ``curse.''
7928- A eurozone candidate's inflation must not be more than 1.5 percentage points above the average of the three best performing EU states for one year.
7929- In principle, even inactive immigrants will then be eligible for social-welfare benefits, just like nationals.
7930- Indeed, the global movement to fight discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS - which first surfaced as a "gay disease" in the United States - has elicited little sympathy for homosexuals in sub-Saharan Africa.
7931- Such a vacuum can be created only by government leaders who are too cowardly to devise and enforce their own defense policy.
7932- History gave Yasir Arafat far more time than most leaders to achieve his mission.
7933- Indeed, it was the display of the box among the artifacts that the Hiroshima museum lent to the American institution that made the exhibition unacceptable to the former ``heroes.''
7934- ·        population;
7935- As in recent years, he consumed at or above his income level, and the United States as a whole spent well beyond its means, borrowing from the rest of the world at a feverish pace in 2005 -- more than $2 billion a day.
7936- This stratagem precipitated the renewed violence that erupted in June when Palestinians dug a tunnel under the barrier that surrounds Gaza and assaulted some Israeli soldiers, killing two and capturing one.
7937- We should not forswear that option, but we ought to consider others, not least because the Security Council - whose backing will be politically if not legally crucial - may never support invasion.
7938- Anchoring these countries to the West will not be easy.
7939- There have been just two ugly matches so far, full of fouls, nasty attacks, and unnecessary aggression, as well as numerous yellow and red cards: Italy vs. the US, and Portugal vs. the Netherlands.
7940- Brazil and Turkey, for example, have each instituted market-friendly policies that have made their economies more flexible and growth more durable.
7941- The euro is now six years old.
7942- After the Netherlands and France, Germany may be next (German elections are due in the autumn, and the center-right candidate - Minister/President Stoiber of Bavaria - is now the favorite).
7943- Full disclosure and transparency are clearly beneficial.
7944- A second is the Bush administration's ideological hostility to the modest amount of wealth redistribution implied by the public system.
7945- Call this strategy "Operation CIS."
7946- Namibia's government, for example, while recognizing that the country will never build a strong industrial base, takes a clear, balanced, and determined approach to attracting, and getting the most out of, multinational corporations.
7947- Even motor structures that enable so-called "fight or flight" responses to a dangerous situation become active.
7948- Initial warning signs of a pandemic are most likely to appear in the developing world, but detection nodes should be positioned in every country, with the least possible expense.
7949- But copying the EU blueprint means that nothing has been learned from the past and that nothing is being done to avoid the pitfalls Europe has endured.
7950- The Kremlin must know this already.
7951- According to the International Telecommunications Union, when the project began less than 0.3% of Ghana's population had a telephone.
7952- But the tendency to apply old labels remains strong, so that everyday we hear gross simplifications like the current one that holds that Latin America is now undergoing a powerful leftist wave.
7953- By contrast, rebelling against one's parents' generation and rediscovering traditional moral stances will save France -- a message that is highly applicable to issues, such as education and immigration, that may dominate the electoral campaign.
7954- The Euro and European Prices
7955- Indonesia's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has perhaps been the most assertive.
7956- Even so, the picture for Europe is not as bleak as pessimists assume.
7957- But maintaining stability involves not only keeping inflation low, but also, and crucially, avoiding large swings in economic activity, external imbalances, and financial crises. This explains why, in a world where developing countries are faced with increasing shocks, macroeconomic policies aimed at smoothing the business cycle (that is, counter-cyclical macro-economic policies) play a vital role in economic growth.
7958- The problem with legal measures, however, is that they can have pernicious side effects and unintended consequences, especially when they are tailored to a particular crisis.
7959- Turkey is invited to Council meetings, it can participate in various EU programs and in manifestations of the European Common Foreign Policy, and, as a member of NATO, it is a partner in EU-NATO security cooperation.
7960- The failure of Long Term Capital Management a few years ago provided a lesson about risk management and the need to not be dreamy-eyed about a string of huge returns.
7961- Since he became president in 2003, Hu Jintao has repeatedly warned that China's economy is overheating, and his government has recently acted accordingly, raising interest rates last October, imposing a new tax on home sales in June, and revaluing the Yuan in July.
7962- The outcome was paradoxical, and not to the liking of those who initiated it: but the right of the communities to determine their future was accepted.
7963- Putin has sought an economic transformation of Russia similar in kind, if not in degree, to China's boom.
7964- Who is right?
7965- It thus sometimes achieved indirectly what could not be done directly: the leveraging of American influence to promote human rights.
7966- Finally, to strengthen cross-country comparability further, the benchmark should be variations in the stock of pension debt under given economic and demographic assumptions, rather than the debt level itself.
7967- Without the left, it is unlikely that democratic rule would have come as soon as it did, or that it would be as solidly rooted as seems to be the case today.
7968- The American military takes the Geneva Conventions seriously.
7969- Is the IMF, the member of the UN family charged to maintain global financial stability, really so evil or misguided that it can only propose policies that inflict economic pain instead of alleviating it?
7970- Much of the public likes his raw language and harsh criticism of the rest of the right, notably of Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin, but above all of Chirac.
7971- With the rising contribution of services to global GDP, now is the time to reassess the need for travel to work.
7972- - Advisors have roles to play in a crisis, but only the President has ultimate responsibility.
7973- Malaysia is fairly open but with significant protection, especially in services.
7974- The EU Constitution should establish unequivocally which prerogatives belong to Europe and which to member countries.
7975- Otherwise, it will continue to be seen by Mexico's impoverished masses as the party of the rich -- perhaps unfairly, but not entirely unjustly.
7976- But if government programs designed to promote saving by low-income people don't tie up their money for many years until retirement, they will often succumb to temptation and spend the money frivolously.
7977- Violence and brutality that were once beyond the realm of possibility now seem commonplace.
7978- But the demise of the left does not mean that the right has a coherent economic program.
7979- Starting with Cavallo, Argentina's boosters argue that these problems are transitory, and blame the country's difficulties on turmoil in world financial markets and the US dollar's excessive strength in relation to the Euro, which reduces Argentina's export competitiveness.
7980- Otherwise, they will continue to use the state to generate huge rents for themselves at the cost of distorting the rest of the economy.
7981- As the violence of the social mobilizations and the level of discontent have grown, Bolivia's intellectuals and politicians remain in a state of shock, afraid of contradicting the masses.
7982- If India can now complete the unfinished business of fully integrating into the global economy, there is no reason why it cannot improve upon its impressive recent growth performance.
7983- Putin's real problem is that Khodorkovsky is too powerful and independent for the straitened politics he wants.
7984- In the meantime, notwithstanding the rhetoric, there won't be growth and Japan's finances will keep deteriorating even from today's levels, in which government paper has junk bond status.
7985- If the Euro succeeds as a global currency, which I believe it will, and if Europe's rapid reaction force becomes a reality soon, as I also think it will, the EU will have secured the preconditions for a more equal partnership -- literally by putting its money (and soldiers) where its mouth is.
7986- The expectations of the new Turkish government--and of the Turkish people--are high.
7987- Rarely in the history of humankind have a people faced such brutality while retaining such gracious exuberance. I realize that the people of Zimbabwe are impatient.
7988- Putin's Ark
7989- To avoid crisis, China must rein in excessive credit growth and the overheating that results from it.
7990- The last half-century has seen the end of ideological politics in much of the world.
7991- Throughout the world, from sub-Saharan Africa to the Arab peninsula, from certain regions of the Far East to expatriate communities in Europe, the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, women are reacting against their being genitally, socially, civilly, and politically mutilated.
7992- Tighter regulation of all clinical trials is needed, as is a public worldwide database that contains trial protocols and regularly updated information about trial status and publications.
7993- Today, oil is the most important and valuable internationally traded commodity, and its significance to our civilization is underscored by the recurrent worry that we are running out of it.
7994- Even after the epidemic appeared in Hong Kong and then spread to Beijing, officials continued to withhold information.
7995- "I had no idea then and now," he replied.
7996- Everyone -- the government, the opposition, and the public -- must commit themselves to a peaceful resolution.
7997- But such a regime will never have legitimacy, and will be subject to assassinations, political upheaval, and terrorist attacks.
7998- Our voters cannot stroll in one direction during one poll, and in the opposite direction the next time they vote, without worrying about falling over the edge.
7999- The Lunchbox and the Bomb
8000- Terrorism of the Al Qaeda type is basically destructive.
8001- This means retaining, and possibly strengthening, capital controls on inflows of highly liquid "hot" money from dollars into yuan, and continuing to peg certain interest rates, such as basic deposit and loan rates, to help preserve the profitability of banks.
8002- Last November's Congressional elections dealt President George W. Bush a sharp rebuff over his Iraq policy.
8003- But if we must have laws to bolster our ethics, their guiding principle should be that remuneration is always linked to the performance and services it is intended to compensate.
8004- Mr. Xue was reportedly force�fed psychiatric drugs and held in a room with true mental patients who kept him awake at night and harassed him by day.
8005- One major task that NATO performed in the first decade after the Cold War was to attract the newly freed countries of Central Europe toward the West, with the prospect of membership conditioned on meeting democratic standards.
8006- He has little sway over either the Kiev clan, led by Viktor Medvedchuk, Kuchma's chief of staff, or the Dnipropetrovsk clan of Viktor Pinchuk, Kuchma's sonâinâlaw.
8007- Loving America's Deficits
8008- Instead, America succumbed to the temptation of unilateralism.
8009- Just how credible and effective can sanctions be?
8010- If we have arrived at such a turning point, as the trend in bond markets in recent weeks might suggest, it will be a turning point for interest rates and bond prices as well.
8011- The coming year is likely to deliver 3% growth, the most to be expected in a still fully employed economy.
8012- More importantly, if the recession is over--and has been for so long--why don't Americans feel any better?
8013- Starvation was part of nature.
8014- According to the Pew Global Attitude survey, there is a significant degree of convergence between East-Central Europeans and West Europeans concerning the balance between the market and a state-guaranteed social safety net.
8015- But the cause of political freedom has been making headway.
8016- Deforestation is increasing, with almost 100 million hectares lost in the last decade alone - much of it due to millions of poor farmers in Africa and Latin America being forced to cut down trees because they have no other access to land or energy sources.
8017- A dull presentation could have adversely affected the party's rating.
8018- One hopes that this task has been made slightly simpler by the publication of a book in which the Copenhagen Consensus economists boil down their insights.
8019- So, though the world seems uncertain, the economic outlook is not as black as the skies in New York may have the world believe.
8020- There is a serious danger that reforms that facilitate markets will benefit northern Europe but harm underdeveloped regions in southern Europe by depriving them of the relationship-based system.
8021- With remarkable clarity, his popular writings advanced a compelling political philosophy, together with concrete policy proposals.
8022- On an extended trip this summer through rural areas of Asia, the Middle East, and Africa on behalf of the United Nations, I visited countless villages afflicted with extreme hunger and struggling to survive against the odds.
8023- Finally, the insurgency as a whole remains nihilistic, focused on destroying the new Iraqi government and the emerging economic and political system rather than articulating a coherent alternative.
8024- But of late the yen has strengthened rather than weakened, a direction that is nearly inexplicable given the underlying conditions.
8025- Similarly, his administration's declared positions on the environment, on energy, on defense and on foreign policy are all strongly right-wing or unilateralist or both.
8026- Even so, one can argue that current estimates of wealth are biased.
8027- Unlike Politkovskaya, the great scientist and human right activist Andrei Sakharov had not been murdered, and the tribute given to him then looked like the celebration of a new era.
8028- Of course, individuals have a moral responsibility not to injure others.
8029- Intervention of some type seems more likely in such circumstances.
8030- Adaptation to climate change is critical worldwide, but nowhere as much as in Africa, where exposure to natural disasters is higher than in most other regions.
8031- In each case, irrational market exuberance fed excessive investment which led to excess capacity.
8032- The Global Economics of Desire
8033- Who can say?
8034- Many Yushchenko loyalists are unhappy that, in exchange for the government agreeing to fairer election rules, Yushchenko agreed to transfer some presidential powers to the parliament.
8035- Sometimes these lines are highly visible.
8036- Whether the Bush team will continue to this line when American and not German banks are at risk is another matter.
8037- The European Economic Model Lives
8038- The recent collective sense across Europe of the urgency of being able to speak with one voice in external affairs may provide the next breeze, and enough glue, to keep the enterprise afloat.
8039- Add the region's growing population to the mix and you have a recipe for economic catastrophe.
8040- Understanding the perceptual system in evolutionary terms makes it possible to uncover the processes that determine our awareness of objects moving in space.
8041- After the dictatorship of the colonels, Greece sought international rehabilitation through membership in the European Community, whose imprimatur in turn helped to consolidate the fragile new democratic regime.
8042- If one asks what interests the EU and its member states have in this crisis-riddled region, the answer is, that certainly European energy and economic interests are at stake, as well as the vital interests of Europe's partners and allies (Israel in particular).
8043- With the discovery of genetic recombination in viruses that penetrate rapidly reproducing bacteria, it became possible to measure variation in offspring much more minutely, and thus to dissect the fine structure of a gene.
8044- Last winter, I saw a similar cry for dignity in Ukraine.
8045- For this reason, England's Stern Report is probably far too optimistic when it calculates that an eclectic approach to reducing carbon emissions will cost the world only 1% per year of income.
8046- The world has a stake in preventing the continued misrule of Mr. Mugabe and others like him.
8047- How, then, can one respect both traditions?
8048- She is seeking to become the first woman President of the French Republic.
8049- The fact that France has experienced high unemployment for over two decades, no matter who holds the reigns of power, is a clear sign that French economic policy is amiss.
8050- Instead, they expect to find it by looking inward.
8051- Paulo Rabello de Castro, a University of Chicago trained economist and one of Brazil's wittiest thinkers, has called the country's October presidential elections a choice between "more of the same" and "the same without more."
8052- As a result, the franc zone's basic features have always been scarce money and high interest rates.
8053- In many ways, the Iraq insurgency is analogous to urban street gangs: each component shares behavioral and organizational similarities but pursues its own aggrandizement and undertakes autonomous operations within its "turf" rather than pursuing a master plan or strategy.
8054- No embryos are capable of suffering, or have hopes or desires for the future that are abruptly cut off by their death.
8055- For those who seek a democratic and liberal Russia, the quandary is awful, because to delegitimize Putin only risks bringing darker and more archaic powers to the surface.
8056- There is thus concern that some in Cambodia's government - which includes officials who once served under the Khmer Rouge - will seek to hijack the trials for political ends.
8057- 2.1
8058- To be sure, if Japan's government started printing money recklessly--as some countries have done in the past--such worries would be well grounded.
8059- The situation on Sumatra is similarly grim, and it is perhaps even worse in the Maldives, Laccadives, Andamans, and Nikobar islands, where not only fishermen and boats were lost, but harbours were ruined.
8060- The world's high- and middle-income countries should not imagine that the relatively rich can fence themselves off indefinitely from poverty and misery in the poorest countries.
8061- But we aren't willing to do that.
8062- Industrialists undertook risky projects, over-invested, and eventually stuffed the banks with non-performing loans.
8063- In the past, corruption was usually said to be located within the ranks of public servants, and this was used as a partial justification for privatization, especially in developing countries.
8064- Both of these historical episodes ended in chaos.
8065- There is no green light for opportunistic predators in and around the Kremlin who now control Yuganskneftegaz to grab other companies' assets at will.
8066- Such programs are often viewed as contradicting a basic American value, namely that admissions, lending, and hiring decisions should be based on the merits of the individual, not group distinctions.
8067- America's unilateral announcement has fuelled rumors to the effect that withdrawal must have something to do with the rising tide of anti-Americanism in South Korea, and especially with the country's reluctance and delay in dispatching an additional 3,600 of its own soldiers to Iraq.
8068- If China's naval growth continues at its current pace, it may have the world's largest naval force by 2020.
8069- That alliance reflects fear, not commitment.
8070- The environmental movement is a new secular Christian creed, for which saving Spaceship Earth has replaced saving souls.
8071- Diversity and inclusiveness, through the integration of European democracies with a common project, remains Europe's great gift to the world.
8072- If successful, the IMF guarantee would never be invoked.
8073- Moreover, the Syrian view of the Arab-Israeli dispute cannot be glossed over, because Syrian agreement is necessary for any peaceful settlement.
8074- The main failure was that liberalization did not send credible signals about future policies.
8075- Instead, political reform ought to include them -- under the following conditions:
8076- They must be free to admit students of their choice and to charge them what is needed.
8077- 4.4
8078- To secure Lebanon, and to bring Hamas to the bargaining table with Israel, it is Syria that Israel and the United States must deal with, one way or another.
8079- It also happens to be the least expensive and most cost-effective support that government can provide.
8080- In the broadest terms, we must create a more level playing field.
8081- This much is clear: addressing the plight of the world's poorest countries and providing the global public goods needed in this age of globalization requires us to explore innovative ways of raising the necessary financing.
8082- Moreover, in recent years, factories and laboratories for processing opium into heroin have been sprouting in Afghanistan, producing 420 tons of heroin last year alone.
8083- Despite his insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying himself as a modernizer, Putin, like his predecessors, is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect his country from anarchy and disintegration.
8084- Theoretically, international loans could be an alternative, but who would lend to an unstable government, let alone a government whose legitimacy has not been fully established?
8085- Beyond elections, citizens can provide an effective check on government only if they are well informed.
8086- Instead, the newly elected Hamas leaders are preoccupied with basic issues like preserving internal unity among Palestinians, ending lawlessness, ensuring greater respect for the rule of law, fighting corruption, and reforming Palestinian governance.
8087- The crowd's sole demand was that Lahoud step down.
8088- According to a 2004 survey by The Times of London, not a single Latin American university is ranked among the top 200 in the world.
8089- When I published Bound to Lead in 1990, I predicted the continuing rise of American power.
8090- But by the early 1980's social democracy had exhausted itself.
8091- Iraq also possesses human and material resources that should work in favor of democracy in the long term.
8092- Its location on the Black Sea ties it to Southeast Europe, the Balkans, and the Caucasus, as well as Turkey.
8093- But today the international community has a tremendous window of opportunity to secure a small but significant peace in the Middle East along the volatile border of Lebanon and Israel.
8094- Only with hindsight can we see that China's innovations were truly demanding reforms.
8095- In such a world, poor and weak countries would be losers.
8096- Many governments and most campaigners meeting in Montreal now through December 9 tell us that dealing with global warming should be our first priority.
8097- This year, executive heads have started to roll.
8098- In any case, Hamas cannot be blamed for using America's push for democracy to attain popular goals.
8099- If we hope to halt violent extremism, we must engage religious and militant groups in dialogue and address the root causes of violence.
8100- Revival of trade credit is also urgent - its importance was recognized early on during East Asia's crisis, where Japan, in a good neighborly gesture, provided $30 billion dollars through the Miyazawa initiative, much of which went to finance trade credit and help restart the economy.
8101- National parliaments have more legitimacy, attracting far higher voter turnout than elections to the European Parliament.
8102- As in most cases, Byzantine ideological debates such as these lead nowhere, but they do crowd out meaningful policy discussions.
8103- Zidane was not Superman, but a human being.
8104- At the same time, it is necessary to solve the Constitutional deadlock.
8105- Democracy is associated with less injustice and abuse, with basic civic and political freedoms, and with greater sensitivity by governments for the true priorities of its citizens.
8106- In April 2003, the Duma voted to toughen the law against inciting religious hatred by adding prison terms of up to five years for offenders.
8107- The era of Japanese militaristic and imperialist power has long gone, and the world is beating a path to China's door.
8108- This latter behavior hints strongly at America's interest in maintaining a strong currency despite the possible negative effects on US exports.
8109- · Europe must open its doors far more widely.
8110- One idea receiving attention is a new form of global money akin to the IMF's Special Drawing Rights (SDRs).
8111- Yet this has arguably been accompanied by improved quality in the game itself, owing to what economists call "increasing returns to scale."
8112- North America, Western Europe, and Japan are bogged down in slow growth and risk renewed recession.
8113- President Jacques Chirac's re-election incited a sigh of relief across France that is echoing around the world. But the scare Jean-Marie Le Pen threw into French politics will be for nought if the political class in Britain slips back into its old hauteur and complacency.
8114- Shia have an interest in supporting the central government because they believe that their demographic weight (60% of Iraq's population) means that representative democracy will guarantee them the right to rule and protect them from Sunni demands and attacks.
8115- China must take to heart its newfound dynamism and strength, and write a new scenario for its relations with Taiwan that emphasizes persuasion instead of missiles.
8116- Today, it seems, some politicians are no longer satisfied with this so-called "negative" integration.
8117- Although Hamas has said that it would seek such a coalition, Fatah's humiliating defeat has left it with little credibility as a governing partner.
8118- This will require the EU to contribute money, manpower, and officials on the ground of the rank and stature of ISAF commanders, in an equal partnership with NATO.
8119- Rushdie a la Russe
8120- Simply put, we must complete the global inventory of species.
8121- The new geography requires new relationships and planning strategies.
8122- Gerhard Schröders trip to Versailles last week to celebrate the 40
8123- They know that the rigid dictatorships of the region have paralyzed their populations.
8124- The biggest development failures tend to be in rural areas far from the coast.
8125- Who's he kidding?
8126- No such relationship exists.
8127- In Liberia's capital city of Monrovia last month, young men began to riot because full funding was not yet in place for the UN's disarmament program.
8128- On the contrary, he is active in causes such as helping sick children.
8129- It has a committed electorate of its own, whose sentiments are responsive to Zhirinovsky's populist slogans, and a party apparatus staffed by committed workers.
8130- Sir Henry Wootton, Queen Elizabeth's Ambassador to Venice and Bohemia, described his profession as being made up of honest gentlemen sent abroad to lie for their countries.
8131- For favored supporters, the rewards could be much greater: mansions, luxurious apartments, the latest cars.
8132- Ordinary people in Latin America are only now recognizing China's importance as a global economic player.
8133- As a result, there needs to be far greater support from the international community for promising initiatives. Consider these examples:
8134- Foreign policy and defense are areas of federal competence, to be delegated to Europe at a proper time;
8135- But if the momentum toward better risk management continues, it will be the last real estate cycle in which homeowners are unable to protect themselves.
8136- The most remarkable feature of these environmental changes is that they are not limited to local environments.
8137- But neither country yet ranks high on the various indices of potential soft-power resources that are possessed by the US, Europe, and Japan.
8138- In principle, this can be accomplished elsewhere.
8139- The threat of death is a powerful weapon.
8140- Then, in July, the UK will host the annual G-8 Summit of the rich countries.
8141- One asked where I came from and asked about my jati and gotra .
8142- Is Texas swagger merely to be replaced by the distinguished disdain of a Boston Brahmin?
8143- This is connected with a practical question: who is in a position to build a new country on the ruins of the old regime?
8144- On economic isolation, Africa needs help with the basics -- roads and ports -- but there is also an opportunity to "leapfrog" technology.
8145- Such is the answer, valid or not, that people accept in democratic societies.
8146- The Turkish-Dutch headmaster of the Muslim school in Uden that was burned down after van Gogh's murder voiced the inhibitions we all feel when he asked, rhetorically, "Is the enemy not within us?"
8147- Drifting sand may frequently tip the balance to unsustainability, threatening the livelihoods of entire districts.
8148- Russian corruption has reached catastrophic levels, yet no serious fight has been launched against it.
8149- 1950-1980
8150- The plan was not to trace genes directly to behavior, but to separate the problem into two questions: a developmental question ("how do genes build nervous systems?"), and a physiological question ("how do nervous systems or brains generate behavior?").
8151- Breaking up monopolies often yields dramatically lower prices and thus higher living standards for consumers, because the same wage buys a lot more.
8152- Under the current system, Italian governments achieve little, but at least they last longer.
8153- First, America cannot run enormous (and growing!) current-account deficits forever: at some point the desire of foreign investors to hold ever-increasing shares of their wealth in America must wane and then reverse.
8154- Annual inflation in most candidate countries has fallen to 4-5% - not much higher than in many EU countries, and lower than in The Netherlands last year.
8155- At the same time, maintaining the flow of funds into the Iraqi oil sector is essential, not only for its growth, but for its very survival.
8156- Curiosity implies a certain immoderation, a certain necessary excess.
8157- The more languages, it seems, the more English.
8158- Those who attempt to change the way China is governed will be dealt with harshly, their names and fates remaining anonymous.
8159- One British academic fired an Israeli colleague because she loathes the state of Israel.
8160- It is simply not true that Turkish accession would open the floodgates to non-European countries.
8161- Consider Russia, a nation with vast natural resources, an educated population, and a rich heritage of scientific and cultural achievements.
8162- Moreover, competitive funding for research at the university level must be increased substantially.
8163- Indian fathers still sometimes repay debts by committing their children to bonded labor.
8164- In contrast, real oil prices were flat leading up to 1929, and down nearly 50% in real terms from the 1925-6 "fuel folly" peaks.
8165- These new ties offer Latin America and the Caribbean both a new market and an example of how a dynamic economy can reduce poverty.
8166- As a diplomatic practitioner, Putin has learned history's lessons and is determined not to see his country ringed by enmity.
8167- On the other hand, "majority of the people," "advanced culture," and "advanced productive forces," as well as some other phrases that dominate the doctrine, are vague, perhaps deliberately so.
8168- In the coming decade, Poland might double its GDP, the Baltic countries increase their GDP by 60%.
8169- Palestine's Moment of Decision
8170- The Japanese at first tried to appease the Russians, declaring Manchuria beyond its sphere of interest in exchange for a similar guarantee from Russia about Korea.
8171- The European Union then introduced diplomatic sanctions, albeit mostly symbolic, against Castro's regime.
8172- Fortunately, there is a multilateral option and an existing precedent. In the mid-1970's, many parties to the NPT planned to import and develop enrichment and reprocessing facilities.
8173- Finally, the EU undertakes to respect and not prejudice "the status under national law of churches and religious associations or communities in the Member States."
8174- Security at nodes of commerce and travel should be enhanced.
8175- At that moment, the communist movement appeared to be riding the tide of history, and not only for those in the Soviet Union.
8176- If not openly committed to opposing Western values and interests, China's interests in cowing Taiwan and in asserting regional hegemony across Asia certainly are not those of Europe and the West, not to mention Japan, India, and the rest of Asia.
8177- Is poor economic development in much of the Middle East and Central Asia the result of cultural practices that are hostile to economic growth?
8178- Their goal to "shrink or sink the WTO" is misguided.
8179- Second, international soccer is witnessing the advent of a new generation.
8180- The IMF continues to insist on an alternative economic "theory" (though using that term may suggest a higher level of analysis than is merited)--one which Keynes fought against over sixty years ago.
8181- Will the Dutch enthusiastically finance public infrastructure in Greece?
8182- This includes joint anti-terror training and demands to reduce US forces in the region, particularly from Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan.
8183- Nobody can afford so seriously dangerous an expansion of NATO into Ukraine.
8184- In November, Indians' votes were the key factor behind the election of a populist political outsider, ex-army colonel Lucio Gutierrez, as president of this small Andean nation.
8185- Oil and gas prices are sky high, the United States is overwhelmed by serious problems in Iraq and the Middle East, and the West is divided about how it should deal with Russia.
8186- If Turkey succeeds, it will show that there is nothing inevitable about the 21
8187- In Afghanistan, that so-called war has essentially been based on eradication campaigns and alternative livelihood projects, which have achieved only scant results.
8188- Germany never really accepted Monti's decision to bar government guarantees on the balance sheets of its Landesbanken, the powerful regional banks.
8189-                                     In New York, everything is beautiful.
8190- But the Stern Report is still right to argue that the potential risks of continued inaction are far greater.
8191- The investigation into the death in 1980 of ex-president Frei Montalva, the principal opponent of the dictatorship, has advanced but needs to be pursued vigorously in the courts.
8192- Equally important, how can science see any meaning of life in the reconciliation of that apparent contradiction?
8193- If European resentment is inevitable, some US leaders say, then the proper response is to shrug it off.
8194- Moreover, as a victim of foreign aggression, Iran's nuclear weapons ambitions would be fully legitimized.
8195- There are new ways of directing aid to where it is most needed.
8196- But the NAIRU is not immutable.
8197- Europe is divided: some countries, notably Italy, support the US; others, notably France and Germany, argue in favor of a European plane built by Airbus in a $15 billion publicly funded project.
8198- It does so with remarkable efficiency.
8199- And they must win people's allegiance by the power of their values and their ideals -- not only by isolating terrorists and extremists, but also by helping, in meaningful ways, poor countries to prosper.
8200- Can they be stopped, or will they take over the world?
8201- Why can't the US current-account deficit remain at its 2006 value indefinitely?
8202- Traumatized Israelis cling to the false hope that their lives will be made safer by incremental unilateral withdrawals from occupied areas, while Palestinians see their remnant territories reduced to little more than human dumping grounds surrounded by a provocative "security barrier" that embarrasses Israel's friends and fails to bring safety or stability.
8203- A recession is normally defined as two quarters (six months) of decline in GDP.
8204- Witness the connections in the war on terrorism between military actions on the top board, where the US removed a tyrant in Iraq, but simultaneously increased the ability of Al Qaeda to gain new recruits on the bottom transnational board.
8205- Appeasement cost millions of Jews and non-Jews their lives as England and France, allies at the time, negotiated and hesitated too long before they realized that Hitler needed to be fought and defeated, because he could not be bound by toothless agreements.
8206- Why do different patients who undergo the same surgical procedure experience markedly different post-operative pain?
8207- Often, these entanglements are unavoidable, especially in the case of biomedical research.
8208- But it is unlikely that the Palestinians would accept such a solution.
8209- They argued that the skills needed in today's global marketplace can only be developed through exposure to a wide diversity of people.
8210- The question is a legitimate one, because when African initiatives fail, they usually fail because of a lack of political will to follow through on commitments and declarations.
8211- The choice of Libya to chair the UN Human Rights Commission adds insult to injury.
8212- It would also rely on the market rather than a government program.
8213- Redeeming the United Nations
8214- He is less certain about the future of Europe, Russia, and the Middle East.
8215- What went wrong?
8216- Their systematic dissemination endangers minorities, threatening them with invidious discrimination.
8217- In Zimbabwe, colonial land ownership patterns that gave most of the viable farmland to white settlers are at least one root of the country's current crisis.
8218- The percentage of black households earning over $50,000 a year (adjusted for inflation) has more than tripled over the last four decades, from 9.1% in 1967 to 27.8% in 2001.
8219- Even stalwart supporters of EU membership may feel that their countries are not being treated as equals if they are bullied for holding a different opinion than bigger members.
8220- Dower's research into the different ways Americans and Japanese remember Hiroshima provides us with a good example.
8221- For football lovers, FIFA (the governing body of international football) should have been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize long ago.
8222- Despite its frequent economic booms, Asia is also a strategic and security minefield.
8223- Hong Kong's people do not reject all security legislation.
8224- Not only are Jordanians largely silent about the practices of the Iraqi regime, but also they are sceptical about efforts to bring reform or greater openness to Jordan.
8225- Yet, this symbol has not made the EU or the euro area any more popular.
8226- President Chirac's self-appointed role as an expert in diplomatic good behavior cannot be taken seriously, even by those of us who know (and love) France.
8227- Earlier generations may have borne the burden of working and waiting more readily, but nowadays people want results here and now.
8228- This last April 4, they gave me 18 years for writing without permission.
8229- But postponement is not a viable option, for the following reasons:
8230- The problem is that today, ten years shy of when the 2015 goals are to be met, progress on the environment is alarmingly slow.
8231- Even if someone's work is criticized, it must be credited properly.
8232- Unwisely, Chen went out of his way to shut out mainland Chinese capital and to retain barriers to other foreign investors in order to protect the domestic businesses of his political allies.
8233- Of course, excuses are at hand: the magnitude of the economic downturn was not anticipated and the increased expenditures to fight terrorism could not be foretold.
8234- Should such a possibility arise, Russia should take part in peacemaking and reconstruction operations in Iraq, rather than trying to put a spoke in Washington's wheel.
8235- It may reflect the ouster of the government of Afghanistan and the elimination of al-Qaida's safe haven there.
8236- Above all, however, he has achieved a 6.3% effective reduction of poverty, after taking over a country whose vast majority - 80% - was perched between poverty and squalor.
8237- savage reprisals against the Shiites in southern Iraq in the aftermath of the 1991 Gulf War;
8238- There may be ways to mitigate the result, but without immigration social benefits across Europe will have to be reduced massively within a generation.
8239- Surrounding these islands, however, are oceans of excluded people.
8240- Another reason is the separation of the political game from the lives and concerns of most people.
8241- Moreover, the justice of the distribution of risks and benefits is questionable when research subjects are concentrated on a vulnerable segment of our society.
8242- Those who revile Chavez often do so in the name of the ‘Washington Consensus,' that mix of capitalism and democracy that was almost hegemonic across the continent in the 1980's and 1990's.
8243- Kim accuses Japan of introducing unnecessary obstacles and complications into resolution of the nuclear question by raising the sensitive issue of North Korea's abduction of Japanese citizens.
8244- During Mao's rule, an estimated 27 million died in the camps.
8245- Thus, while the Likud referendum seems to have left the Israeli-Palestinian dispute at yet another impasse, both sides are on the verge of enormous changes.
8246- No more.
8247- Their poor schooling left them ill equipped for the new economy.
8248- What emerged was neither traditional fiscal conservatism nor Democratic policies without Democrats nor starve-the -- beast populism, but something that has no name.
8249- Government failures, Friedman argued, were greater and more terrible than market failures.
8250- He recently signed a lavish infrastructure bill that included, among other payoffs to political supporters, an infamous bridge to nowhere in Alaska.
8251- Retail banking, however, remains segmented by national borders, so that households and smaller producers have not been much affected.
8252- Putin the Poker Player
8253- restructuring of existing regional and continental groupings in order to give priority to increasing the volume of intra-Regional trade.
8254- A worthy goal, but successful models do not come readily to mind.
8255- For the US to have a rate of productivity growth of 3.5% per annum rather than the pre-1995 rate of 1.2% is amazing.
8256- Crises have multiplied, with each seemingly worse than the one that came before.
8257- The most urgent challenge facing the new government is rampant lawlessness and anarchy throughout Palestinian society.
8258- Proxies have a nasty way either of disgracing principal agents or turning against them.
8259- Others seek to broaden the definition of "exceptional circumstances" to permit the deficit ceiling to be breached in any year with prolonged unsatisfactory GDP growth, not just -2%.
8260- Moreover, not all aid need go to governments.
8261- So I suggested that he not drive.
8262- Scientific evidence on the risks mounts by the day, as most recently documented in England's magisterial Stern Report .
8263- At the same time, the global economy and modernization can also promise better education, more jobs and opportunities, and improved health care, and opinion polls indicate that a majority of the region's population desires these benefits.
8264- Germany's Five Election Unknowns
8265- As in any vibrant democracy, differences in views exist.
8266- Iranian reformers had tried (to no avail) since the landslide 1997 election of President Mohammed Khatami, to change the system from within.
8267- These funds would at best ameliorate -- not eliminate -- prevailing global disparities in educational access and quality.
8268- A thousand years ago, the Norse settlers of my home city of York ate cod that weighed as much as eight kilograms.
8269- Switzerland has been one of the richest countries in the world for a century - and not because of its natural resources.
8270- Indeed, it is clear that the American economy could have grown much faster than it has.
8271- 1945 244 319
8272- The relationship between the United Nations and the human-rights movement has always been ambiguous.
8273- Preparations for EU entry strongly motivated the eight former communist Central European states to entrench or restore democratic institutions and market economies.
8274- America's central bank, the Federal Reserve Board, has a mandate to balance growth, employment, and inflation--and it is a mandate that brings it popular support.
8275- At the same time, however, it is the assessment of the Commission that Turkey is still not yet ready to initiate accession negotiations.
8276- Europe is the continent of Michelangelo and Montesquieu, but also of the guillotine and the gas chamber.
8277- Finally, the monopolistic domestic energy sector must be regulated in fact, not just on paper.
8278- Countries like to keep their reserves growing in tandem with growth in imports and other foreign liabilities.
8279- Why is this?
8280- In short, it is good for Americans - and for the world - that old and new Europe are becoming one.
8281- Mr. Olechowski is well known in Polish politics, for he was once a minister of finance and later a minister of foreign affairs.
8282- The global economy is not a zero-sum game, and the challenge for European politicians will be to explain this to EU members, particularly countries like France that are resistant to globalization and keen on building a "Fortress Europe."
8283- Many are reactionary religious fundamentalists who abhor the concept of democracy.
8284- Against all expectation, and contrary to our wishes, this violence has put us in front of choices we had not seen before.
8285- In 1936, John Maynard Keynes demonstrated the futility of trying to balance the budget in the midst of an economic depression.
8286- The trouble is that the steep escalation of enlargement coincides with a swing of opinion in a number of member countries in favor of a more intergovernmental EU, with more emphasis on cooperation between sovereign states and less attention to strengthening common EU institutions.
8287- Disoriented and bewildered, the party withered under the pressure of the media assault, which was mostly carried out on state-run TV channels.
8288- If national pride demands eternal Polish ownership of Polish land, and thus scuttles membership in the EU, Poland will be condemned to a future as a kind of a gigantic museum of the peasantry.
8289- Indeed, many countries are parties to UN conventions that commit them to combating aspects of terrorist behavior, even though the UN has not agreed on a single formal definition.
8290- In fact, many observers believe that Hong Kong's real rate of joblessness is much higher, and fear that the trend is not encouraging.
8291- NATO's attempt to change public perceptions of its objectives and operations is also in effect a long-term effort.
8292- Though it is too soon to predict all the effects, some good consequences are already evident, as are some that are troublesome and others whose impact will play out over time.
8293- Or is the choice of picture on the banknote a symptom of psychological trauma, an unconscious but realistic manifestation of the work of mourning?
8294- HSBC also announced a major investment in Ping An Insurance, which could set the stage for experiments with Bancassurance in the future. 
8295- Today, about two-thirds of the people polled in ten European countries say they admire America for its popular culture and progress in science and technology, but only a third think the spread of American customs in their country is a good idea.
8296- Were Iran to agree to this offer, its suspension of nuclear research in Natanz while negotiations are ongoing would be the litmus test of its sincerity.
8297- The few trips I was allowed to take as a citizen of Socialist Romania did, of course, have moments of rapture for me, novice that I was.
8298- Its role in providing missile and rocket propulsion materials to Iran remains unclear.
8299- Think of the excellent work it has done in the area of competition policy: breaking up cartels and stopping state aid, even when it comes in disguised forms, such as government guarantees on company debt.
8300- In fact, Islamization has proved to be an effective political means of reconciling the majority of Malays to the country's rapid economic development.
8301- The International Monetary Fund (IMF), for example, pushes widespread improvement in laws related to corporate and financial institutions.
8302- Only a constitution, they argue, can restore much needed legitimacy to a political system that is widely perceived as deeply corrupt and inept.
8303- That scheme is both absurd and dangerous.
8304- There are few role models for a more moderate, contemporary-minded interpretation of Islam.
8305- These outbreaks, of course, cannot be traced conclusively to global warming.
8306- Yet the fact that the world could agree despite the absence of the US may prove promising.
8307- Perhaps that outcome shouldn't seem so strange.
8308- The remarkable increase in agricultural productivity over the past two centuries demonstrates this clearly.
8309- Although the Internet appears to be renewing Islamic pluralism, today's online fatwas are non-negotiable orders, not a call for fresh creativity.
8310- About a month before the election, the government began to shut down the political space it had opened.
8311- This is what has happened or is happening in many parts of the world.
8312- The old boats, which rotted every few years, were replaced by modern fiberglass versions with small gasoline engines.
8313- This trend is likely to continue, so that even if technological progress slows, people are almost certain to live longer lives in the future--and in better health--than they do now.
8314- 
8315- Of course, America still wants to contain China and prevent it from becoming a major regional and world power.
8316- Neither country aims to restrain China in the way the "containment" strategy aimed at an aggressive Soviet Union during the Cold War, but both want to create an international structure that does not tempt China to throw its weight around.
8317- But each of these propositions is refuted by the Nordic experience.
8318- Without independent access, the Iraqi government retains total control of the information supplied to inspectors.
8319- Turkey's refusal to grant the Americans access to military bases on its territory effectively ruled out a northern front in the war.
8320- The challenge facing the delegates at the Brussels convention is nothing less than creating an open, democratic, and yes, greater, Europe.
8321- But, like any muddle, it is succeeding only in confusing Russians about themselves and their country.
8322- For example, when training a fruit fly to prefer one odor to another in a simple learning task, it will remember better if trained at repeated intervals over a long time rather than in one intense session.
8323- The "popping" of such an asset bubble is what happened in Japan 10 years ago, an event from which that country has not yet recovered.
8324- In 2003, it was SARS.
8325- Real power in Kosovo, however, remains in the hands of those with kalashnikovs.
8326- One side smoothes over the diversity in country experiences; the other often ignores the averages, and focuses instead on cases in which high or rising inequality dulls the gains to the poor from growth.
8327- Clearly, the belief that liberalism is at fault for declining birth rates and dysfunctional families has gained currency in the West, which now produces popular books like Pat Buchanan's The Death of the West .
8328- In short, the isolation of the export sector from the rest of China's economy, caused by the dominance of FDI, accounts for the illusion of an undervalued renminbi.
8329- Has the Italian minister thought for a minute how his government would pay for all its public spending on welfare, and other items, if Italy's interest rates no longer were subsidized by the ECB?
8330- Leaders of the poor prefer to romanticize the past.
8331- If I'm wrong, people will still be better-fed, better-housed, and happier thanks to our efforts.
8332- It set up a Convention, which produced a draft treaty, and soon an Intergovernmental Conference will try to take the project to a conclusion.
8333- Now, unfortunately, even the economic benefits of EU membership seem unclear.
8334- Brazilian debt now trades at half its face value, which implies a high probability of default.
8335- We need a "sustainable medicine" that is affordable to national health care systems and provides equitable access in the long term.
8336- Similarly, outsourcing to low-wage countries improves living standards only if the human capital released can be used to make new goods and services.
8337- Yet Spain, India, Belgium, and Switzerland are all consolidated democracies that do not fit the classic model of the nation state.
8338- Mexico's transition to democracy between 1977-2000 was aided by a series of constitutional reforms that contributed to the emergence of the widely credible Federal Election Institute (IFE).
8339- Continuation of these actions will have consequences.
8340- France may not have the military might of the US or the growth rate of China and India, but its team reached the World Cup championship, raising its standing in the eyes of billions of people -- and perhaps giving a reprieve to its unpopular government.
8341- Unemployment now stands at 9%--unimaginable before the handover in 1997, when both Tung and China promised that Hong Kong would do even better under Chinese sovereignty than under British rule.
8342- In fact, there could well be less water than there is now, owing to pollution and climate change.
8343- Speculative investment behavior was hardly an issue in those rare instances in which home prices were discussed.
8344- More informed citizens, in turn, participate at a higher rate and to a greater degree in their country's decision-making processes.
8345- Stalling until that time is postponement by other means.
8346- The rule of law is the acceptance that laws given not by some supreme authority, but by the citizenry, govern all - those in power, those in opposition, and those outside the power game.
8347- But this ended after 1985, as the so-called "Plaza Accord" - agreed by the central banks of France, Germany, the UK, the US, and Japan - weakened the dollar by 30%.
8348- But Karl Marx and Alexis de Tocqueville, the two great social analysts of the nineteenth century, knew better what makes people tick, and what makes societies change.
8349- Besides, it is not like there is huge profit for G-8 leaders in trying to collect coins from impoverished peoples living on a dollar a day.
8350- It needs a strong and respected leadership in the top ranks and it needs a refocusing of its mission and a shift from emergency operations to preventive medicine.
8351- For example, a recent Jordanian decision to freeze all Iraqi government funds held in Jordanian banks produced accusations by the Jordanian opposition that Jordan had stabbed Iraq in the back.
8352- Now, did my brother blame me for the period of belt-tightening austerity his family had to face?
8353- A hike, in other words, would indicate that good things are happening.
8354- Argentina should have been encouraged to move off its exchange rate system years ago.
8355- Militarily, this argument does make sense.
8356- An old saying in politics in Moscow is that relations between the United States and Russia are always better when a Republican rules in the White House.
8357- Of course, there is nothing new in the idea that money does not buy happiness.
8358- After all, where do we imagine that philosophers and poets and gurus live?
8359- Such frustrations are growing.
8360- During the early stages of the Cultural Revolution, she played a dual role: daughter of a Chinese field marshal and leader of the rebels at the School of Art in the capital.
8361- Unfortunately, it is unknown even to neighbors as close as the Scandinavians.
8362- In an attempt to solve the problem, a mixed electoral system was introduced in the early 1990's, with about three quarters of the seats assigned under plurality rule in single member districts and the rest allocated under proportional representation.
8363- A year ago, everyone gathered in the streets of Kyiv knew what we were standing up against: a corrupt government that sought to command life and labor, and to dispose of state property, at its will.
8364- But the West must do more to interdict the flow of drug money and the provision of chemicals for cocaine processing.
8365- Their risks today are often big due to real estate bubbles in such glamour cities as London, Paris, Madrid, Rome, Istanbul, Moscow, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Sydney, Melbourne, Vancouver, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Boston, New York, Washington, D.C., and Miami.
8366- That is only the military aspect of the peacekeeping effort.
8367- Finally, the European Commission should receive a seat.
8368- Accordingly, risk is unavoidable: monetary policy that is too loose risks inflation; if it is too tight, it can cause unnecessary unemployment, with all the suffering that follows.
8369- No transparency here.
8370- Indeed, Russia's military prosecutor has now issued an international arrest warrant for her, even though the officer she is accused of bribing was acquitted in a trial in Moscow last year of the very charges that prosecutors now want to question her about.
8371- Even in the remotest villages on the Angolan border, where Ovambo people live in stick huts, electricity is in short supply, and villagers trek miles each day to fetch firewood and water, a bottle of Coke or Fanta is easy to find.
8372- Brazil, Chile, Ecuador, Nicaragua, and Venezuela elected socialist or populist/reformist presidential candidates in 2006, while Bolivia elected a populist indigenous president in 2005, Uruguay a socialist president the same year, and Argentina a leftist-centrist president in 2003.
8373- The 8th of May always brings back memories of 1945, because for me the end of the war in Europe really was a zero hour.
8374- For years, Castro has blamed any internal problems on a draconian US trade embargo.
8375- The scary story that is being amplified now concerns the developing world, notably China and India, where rapid economic growth - and no restrictions on emissions under the Kyoto Protocol - are seen as creating insatiable demands for oil.
8376- Future archaeologists would do well not to seek an explanation of this variation in terms of visible differences in our skeletal biology!
8377- Today's Kremlin thinks that democracy was being built too quickly in Russia.
8378- Indeed, German products were omnipresent.
8379- Instead of engaging in preemptive military actions, the US should pursue preventive actions of a constructive nature, creating a better balance between carrots and sticks in the prevailing world order.
8380- Economic reform must be financed somehow, and if the funds are to come, at least in part, from outside the EU, the euro must be a strong currency.
8381- Moreover, free-trade agreements are typically seen as politically valuable: countries tied by commerce are supposedly less likely to shoot at each other.
8382- They transcend historical Conservatism's specific and parochial concerns.
8383- What much of the world sees in Putin's Russia is a neo-authoritarian regime based on a state-directed capitalism interlinked with the ruling bureaucracy and flanked by an immature civil society.
8384- Despite the odds, Iraq's daily output reached a post-invasion record of 2.5 million barrels in March.
8385- The European Union, for all its weaknesses, has helped the postcommunist countries of Eastern and Southeastern Europe immensely.
8386- All start on the great Tibetan Plateau and flow in parallel through the northwest corner of the province into Southeast Asia.
8387- That will not be easy.
8388- So forget about intervention to force down the dollar's value. As a result, the road remains open for more interest rate cuts from Mr. Greenspan's Fed to help restore economic expansion.
8389- The deaths, injuries, and humiliation of civilians generate rage and resentment among their families and communities, in turn fueling support for terrorists.
8390- But if most advanced countries were to recognize this new form of global money, they could put pressure on holdouts by limiting their holdings of non-participant currencies and treasury bills in their reserves.
8391- It is the young who spend.
8392- Despite his public persona, Rudi was an excellent confidential policy adviser.
8393- We can be appropriately modest about our knowledge of other things, but not so about our ability to explain the workings of the world.
8394- The EU side, for its part, had to address the problem of how to balance fairness of treatment between old and new eurozone members with ensuring a smooth enlargement.
8395- Moreover, different US officials certainly have different priorities. President Bush may focus on weapons of mass destruction; Mr. Wolfowitz may target democracy.
8396- In international affairs, Merkel is more skeptical about European enlargement, notably to include Turkey, than Schröder.
8397- First, the veil of corruption in Afghanistan must be lifted.
8398- But diplomatic explanations are not what Argentina needs.
8399- The universe presented by organized religions is a poky little medieval universe, and extremely limited."
8400- Moreover, because the elderly tend to spend more and save less, rich countries will also face changes in the ratio of savings to consumption in their national income, as well as in the composition of what is purchased.
8401- You pursue your business here as only New Yorkers can, but every once in a while you look up and wonder, "How did I get here?" Or, rather, "How on earth did mankind come so far?"
8402- Such general institutions as the rule of law and provision of enough personal and national security to safeguard earning, saving and investing are needed for any market economy, even market socialism; they are insufficient for dynamism.
8403- Moreover, with stronger central institutions, the EU may start to make progress in developing a more coherent European Security and Defense Policy.
8404- The eye, for example, is like a telescope. Since telescopes have telescope makers, the eye must have an eye maker--the Great Optician in the Sky.
8405- Even if he did articulate this case, he would not persuade the British people, who have been conditioned by 50 years of Euro-skepticism from their political leaders.
8406- From 1949 until the fall of the Berlin Wall, the Consultative Group Coordinating Committee (Cocom) monitored and controlled the export of Western technology to the Soviet Union.
8407- If Nietzsche were alive today, he might be pitching antidepressants for Pfizer.
8408- So long as the campaign's focus was on economics, Schröder's government was a clear loser.
8409- In the Arab world, authoritarian governments have deprived people of political, civil, and intellectual freedoms for decades.
8410- Thus the new EU border with Ukraine is making its presence felt in the most negative way imaginable - by hurting business on both sides of the border.
8411- President Ronald Reagan's deregulation of the Savings and Loan Associations led to an infamous wave of bank failures that cost American taxpayers several hundred billion dollars and contributed to the economic recession of 1991.
8412- These are normal activities of insurance companies.
8413- When output crumbled due to a profound banking and financial crisis (linked to the collapse of the gold standard), tax revenues plummeted in the US and Europe, and conservative governments tried to cut budget spending to limit budget deficits.
8414- The best way to encourage openness is by strengthening commercial and economic ties while ceasing to treat Russia as a nascent democracy.
8415- Indeed, when America responded to the attacks, almost no one mourned the fall of the Taliban, who were universally condemned for their fanaticism.
8416- Bombing Libya did not bring Muammar Qadaffi "in from the cold."
8417- We shall persist, and our democracy shall prevail.
8418- But now Sweden is revealing that it, too, lacks political morality.
8419- Changing the Guard at the IMF
8420- But it seems absurd that this should make any difference to the morality of aborting the fetus.
8421- If so, Americans will have to spend more money on debt service, leaving them with less to spend on consumption of goods and services.
8422- Its preparations focus not on parity with the US's modern weaponry, but on the development of ``asymmetrical warfare'' theory and capability.
8423- Thirty years after the National Revolution of 1952 Bolivia's per capita income remained basically the same, with poverty steady at over 50% of the population.
8424- China, too, will grow in influence.
8425- Fears are mounting, as official and fundamentalist religious forces now seem to operate with impunity -- and the apparent support of local police, the ruling Bangladeshi National Party, and local authorities.
8426- Indeed, even southern governors who are not reliable Obasanjo allies appear determined to maintain their influence within the central government by ensuring that the country's next president is a southerner.
8427- Are such changes acceptable to workers and employers?
8428- The need for renewed attention to Afghanistan could hardly be greater.
8429- We did so despite numerous studies that show that recovery rates from "mental illness" in "underdeveloped" countries are far superior to those in "advanced" societies.
8430- Only if the post-Arafat movement decides that it really wants a Palestinian state in exchange for ending the conflict with Israel in every respect will there be a real chance of peace.
8431- First, in Latin America's privatization gold rush, everything from public utilities to manufacturing companies went on the auction block.
8432- Palestinians have entered uncharted waters.
8433- It is important to know how much deprivation in a country would swing public opinion.
8434- As a result of such pressure, Taiwan has become the most isolated country in modern history, which is all the more glaring in view of its economic and political success.
8435- Until recently, most East Asian countries pursued non-discriminatory trade policies through unilateral liberalisation, the Asian/Pacific Economic Community, and the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
8436- To the east, in the oil-rich province, are the Shia.
8437- Even more starkly unbalanced political landscapes can be found in France and Italy, where neither President Chirac nor Prime Minister Berlusconi need fear their challengers; indeed neither has a challenger to speak of.
8438- While being open towards the idea of a "Team Presidency" involving, for example, three countries for a period of one year or eighteen months, I worry that it would make horizontal co-ordination and the smooth daily conduct of business more difficult.
8439- As a result, the lack of an effective political center to adjudicate disputes still haunts Japan.
8440- These entire female population was excluded, and only one-quarter of the male population was eligible to vote.
8441- After emancipation in the nineteenth century, the African-American communities remained impoverished and largely bereft of political rights.
8442- In the twentieth century, the superpowers supported insurgency and counterinsurgency as a type of proxy conflict.
8443- I hope that even in the dark frame of such topics the light of the human soul and mind, its contradictions and potential, the ceaseless questions about love and death, about commitment and cowardice, about solitude and solidarity, about the tragicomedy of humans reveal, for better or worse, the imprint of the author.
8444- It is too late to create a democracy in Iraq.
8445- Just as whites attribute extraordinary sexual powers to black men, the Christian West's instinct is to treat Jews as the masters of extraordinary forces--including the power to kill deities and control world finance.
8446- Europe's left must still clarify its vision of the future.
8447- Few have any real hopes of that.
8448- What is the upshot here?
8449- This time, the UN would earmark part of the export revenues of any given AU member for specific and defined programs and budget contributions.
8450- Georgia is now enduring another in its seemingly endless series of political, governmental, economic, and ethnic crises.
8451- Even containment is ruled out, for there is simply no room for negotiation and compromise.
8452- Overall, the general level of trust in the European Union is not high: only 41% of voters tend to trust the EU, whereas 42% tend not to trust it.
8453- A big worry in Iraq and the wider Middle East is that Islam and modernization are enemies.
8454- Moreover, even if they are found to be unlawful combatants, the First Additional Protocol of 1977 requires that they be afforded certain due process protections, which will not be available to those brought before the proposed military commissions.
8455- Intense American and European pressure ensured that former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic and many of his allies were handed over to the UN's International War Crimes Tribunal for former Yugoslavia in The Hague.
8456- That leaves us with the prognosis of a strong dollar for the coming year.
8457- France and Germany fail to grasp that the candidate countries' support for the US is not aimed against "old Europe."
8458- But most Russians do not view the entire Soviet period as some sort of black hole.
8459- Although he understands this risk, Mr. Koizumi seemingly is not stinting on his commitment to do what he has promised.
8460- The Cold War was won by a mixture of hard and soft power.
8461- educate people now on the costs and benefits of cooperation and integration, which requires partial surrender of national sovereignty to regional authorities.
8462- Indeed, the fourth dimension of risk is that an invasion could weaken the support of key governments for action against terrorists, and provoke further outrages.
8463- This turned the UN from a club of countries that share the same values into an amorphous forum of the international community--an indistinct body that never investigates the democratic credentials of its members.
8464- The next hurdle is to support Kalingrad's fight against disease and crime as well as strengthening its economic and social structures.
8465- However, even under the most favorable assumptions, the magnitude of the benefits was small--both in economic terms and in proportion to the amount of time and energy that Mozambique's government spent on the issue, at the expense of other pressing problems.
8466- One theory is that voices arise because Broca's area "dumps" language outputs into parts of the brain that ordinarily receive speech inputs from the outside.
8467- There is no conflict here, except when people mistakenly think that questions from one domain demand answers from the other.
8468- So the real issue is not whether we humans are servants of our genes, but rather our infatuation with the idea that our behavior could so easily be explained and predicted.
8469- This concern is especially strong in the case of financial regulators.
8470- The first is to keep Hezbollah away from the border.
8471- Indeed, the single most important factor, which will have a decisive impact on developments to come and could set the stage for a remarkable success story, or, on the contrary, lead to failure, is the European Union's forthcoming decision on whether or not to start negotiations towards Turkey's full EU membership in 2005.
8472- It must now back up its growing weight in the Middle East with political initiative.
8473- In the US, most people still do not have flood or earthquake insurance.
8474- Within months, if not weeks, of realizing the long-sought goal of European Union membership, a wave of political instability surged through Central Europe.
8475- The good news, then, is that there are far fewer people who seriously want to see a fascist regime in Russia than the government claims.
8476- Here migration will result in a welfare loss.
8477- Large fiscal deficits crowded out private investment.
8478- The ``Republic of Letters,'' lasting from Erasmus until the Enlightenment, represents Europe's second community.
8479- Consider, in this light, the life of the American investor Warren Buffett.
8480- First there remains a belief that Japan, having so impressed everyone over the past 50 years, simply cannot be a basket-case.
8481- Indeed, recent research comparing education in the US and Italy finds that family income is more important in determining a student's success (measured in terms of his salary) in "egalitarian" Italy than it is in "elitist" America.
8482- Do they want a politically integrated EU?
8483- With a group of colleagues, I established a modest cultural group, with no external support whatsoever.
8484- Hedge funds could throw a scare.
8485- The toughest test of an honest politician comes when he or she must defend ideas that are unpopular but right.
8486- A relatively small part of it is coming from simple speed-up: in an economy where the amount of time it takes for the unemployed to find new jobs is close to a post-WWII record high, demands for speeding-up the pace of work will be met with a "Yes, boss!" rather than a "Take this job and shove it!"
8487- Engaging in discussions with Iran does not necessarily mean that we believe or deny those declarations.
8488- Speaking to Muslims exclusively in their own religious terms also excludes them from broad ethical frameworks that defend essential human values, most notably the protection of innocent civilians.
8489- What Monetary Policy Does China Need?
8490- In fact, Bush has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria.
8491- As a result, a university may select a black student with a satisfactory score on the admissions test, even if there is a white student with a better score.
8492- But without the support of these two ministries, Putin cannot institutionalize his new foreign policy course.
8493- The open interest recently was 355 contracts, with a notional value of €355 million.
8494- This symptom, however, does not mean that victims are unaware of having been traumatized.
8495- When LukOil stations look the same in central Moscow and remote Siberia, it means something new and, yes, revolutionary.
8496- Only three political forces offer real, viable alternatives to our ruling criminal clans.
8497- Things are not quite so simple.
8498- Diplomatic tricks cannot finesse the issue.
8499- Remembering the First "War on Terror"
8500- John Paul II was no follower of neo-liberalism.
8501- Some argue that in the long run there are no tradeoffs.
8502- Its own prestige is high: groups such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch are respected voices, to whom many governments feel obliged to pay attention.
8503- Hu told Bush that the Taiwan issue was "very sensitive," and that China would "absolutely not tolerate Taiwan independence."
8504- Latin America, Argentina and Brazil have been running comfortable external surpluses recently.
8505- The truth is that economic performance is determined not only by governance standards, but by geopolitics, geography, and economic structure.
8506- Fortunately, our international risk-management institutions are steadily improving.
8507- To do so required a change in work practices and in the way firms were run. Unions opposed such change, but it also took time for bosses to understand that the way they ran their plants needed to change.
8508- Nor has the European Neighborhood Policy gathered any momentum, while the EU's treatment of Turkey is pushing an important ally in the wrong direction.
8509- Its only serious economic demand - rightly so - is that members should have a "functioning market economy."
8510- Supporters of factory farming often point out that bird flu can be spread by free-range flocks, or by wild ducks and other migrating birds, who may join the free-range birds to feed with them or drop their feces while flying overhead.
8511- At the same time, any wrong decision has far-reaching and irreversible consequences.
8512- The paper that reported the story is owned by the government and sells more copies than all other newspapers combined.
8513- But in the long run it could become very slippery.
8514- In a sense, this is the definition of true leadership: to take a country and its people to a better future which is not yet clear to most but that has been partly discovered and partly created by those in power who hold an unerring sense of direction.
8515- Thus, governments are invested with unique powers, especially the powers of policing and judicial control.
8516- But, the Irish story has not had a happy ending.
8517- Throughout the accession process, the EU made it clear that it could not and would not offer the same level of economic solidarity as it offered previous newcomers to the Union.
8518- Moreover, Yushchenko used his year in power mostly to disappoint those whose votes he now needs.
8519- This is true, but the same result can be achieved by paying off foreign debt, which is a better policy, especially at the outset, when the fund is trying to build up credibility.
8520- But if Russia is to get back on its feet, more reforms are needed.
8521- Third, it is misleading to argue for a certain amount of immigration in terms of the need to fill certain high-tech or other positions.
8522- The new party—barely six months old—has realigned Israeli politics by transforming the entire framework of ideological assumptions underpinning the country's security strategy.
8523- A range of public services will therefore have to be privatized.
8524- With his re-election, they abruptly decided that they had waited long enough and would enact the Article 23 security laws before mid-2003.
8525- Only people that bureaucrats deign to select are fully included, while others who want to come but are not allowed to do so face discrimination.
8526- If it priced in yen, it would risk losing its market share if the yen appreciated.
8527- When I answered, he rattled off the names of at least six generations of my ancestors, while asking me to fill in the details about my cousins, the family into which I had married, and the names of our children.
8528- We were being conditioned to believe that the official rules set no clear limits, and that we could therefore set the limits wherever we liked.
8529- Indeed, Russia is increasingly attaching ever greater significance to its relations with China, something of a strategic shift in foreign policy, even if it is not yet clear how close Russia wants to be get to China.
8530- But English and national languages can co-exist only if the state protects the indigenous language and citizens do not allow English to take over all prestigious domains.
8531- In response to this offer (and to bad publicity), Merck, Abbott Laboratories, and Bristol Myers Squibb, three large patent-holding companies, announced that their willingness to supply the African market at "zero profit" -- ie, at around $500 per patient per year for the AIDS drugs they produce.
8532- In the long run, this does not bode well for their global reputations, which depend on users' trust in the openness and independence of their products and services.
8533- By god, we can fight about "the law Cirami"!
8534- So what is the problem?
8535- With good economics and without drama, he finds that a contraction of 1 million barrels per day would raise prices to $32 per barrel; an extreme cut of 7.5 million barrels -- a cut equal to 10% of world production -- would increase the price of a barrel to $161.
8536- The more I have thought about the lesson she taught me 45 years ago, the clearer I have seen another, less obvious dimension in what she said: It is "we" who lost the war.
8537- A simple project like this can make an enormous difference to the life of a community.
8538- The government has failed to take any meaningful action, and the problem is getting worse.
8539- So perhaps decision makers, faced with the victims of previous policies and the future victims of current ones, would simply be happy that at last they could allocate resources in an optimally efficient way.
8540- By the end of 1999, divergence was complete: the United States and Britain were employing their air power to enforce the no-fly zones while France joined Russia and China in abstaining on resolution 1284.
8541- Something troubled me about this formulation, too. It was that word "development" again.
8542- Each, however, can also be said to be guilty of dangerous driving.
8543- The American Revolution can be traced directly to the growing sense among colonists that Parliament's rule in North America was illegitimate.
8544- The strategic context of the Iraq insurgency is also new.
8545- So many in the South remain poor and out of work, particularly the young.
8546- Together with the Christmas tree, Sankt Niklaus, as the Germans called the benefactor, became a central figure in German Christmas habits.
8547- The process of protracted strikes could thwart positive political changes among the younger generation, thus reducing the chances of a more democratic and benign Iran emerging in the future.
8548- By failing to foster gradual democratization--and yielding to a "democratic exception" in parts of the Muslim world--America missed an opportunity to help these countries adapt to the stresses of a globalizing world.
8549- The book launched an international debate on whether the world would soon face immense economic problems due to shortages of oil and other natural resources - problems that seemed to be presaged by OPEC's production cuts eighteen months later.
8550- At the outset, it must be stressed that, in seeking earlier entry into the EMU a country assumes a more ambitious fiscal and structural program than would be needed if EMU membership is delayed.
8551- Not surprisingly, accession untied politicians' hands, and conflicts came to the fore.
8552- Greater defense integration in Europe is not just an appealing or interesting idea; it is an imperative.
8553- Mostly, these debates tended to reach the morose conclusion that a two-speed Europe would be hopelessly difficult to negotiate.
8554- Even though humans have engaged in exchange since before the birth of civilization, the impersonal system of trading is only around 1,000 years old.
8555- The main US focus must be on finding a fair solution to the Israeli-Palestinian question and to the Iraq crisis.
8556- A tax called a "death tax" is regarded very differently from a tax called an "inheritance tax," even though the two are really identical.
8557- President Charles Taylor's resignation from Liberia's presidency and his exile in Nigeria is not only a welcome relief for the war-torn land he so misruled, but also perhaps a bellwether for other discredited dictators.
8558- On his second trip to China, which followed Kim Jung Il's historic meeting with President Kim Dae Jung of South Korea last June, North Korea's leader was taken to Shanghai by Premier Zhu Rongji and shown its stock exchange and the vast Pudong development zone.
8559- But a major obstacle to this is the existence of local rent-seeking franchises and monopolies.
8560- Viable units will emerge that are less than ideal but at least capable of creating legitimate government - meaning a government that is both effective and acceptable.
8561- The most terrifying aspect of the Bush administration's foreign policy is the motivating theory of the world that underlies it.
8562- As the world's second largest exporter, the German boom was initially driven by foreign sales. Indeed, German exports grew by 6.9% in 2005 and 11.2% in 2006.
8563- President Basher al-Assad of Syria faces a similar dilemma.
8564- For most of recorded history, the illusion was thought to be a consequence of physical processes.
8565- For 70 cynical years, and for centuries before that, everything done in the name of Ukrainians was done without our consent.
8566- Military force is sometimes treated as synonymous with hard power, but the same resource can sometimes contribute to soft power.
8567- Lists will be shortened and deletions made, and this will frequently entail eliminating even good personal friends of the diplomats in charge of the screening, people whom they have given various forms of intellectual, political, or material assistance.
8568- In neuroeconomics experiments that my lab has conducted, we have found that when a stranger places trust in another by making a considered monetary investment that can either be returned or stolen, our brains release an ancient mammalian hormone called oxytocin.
8569- But most analyses suggest that it was directed against high unemployment, magnified by the perceived threat to jobs from the new Central and Eastern European EU members.
8570- Some of the traditional literary castes also embraced Westernization.
8571- Any central bank facing deflation should commit itself in advance to a price-level target and pursue actions that convince the private sector that the commitment is genuine.
8572- Both are insufficient to check Naif.
8573- In the absence of a community-based approach, interactions with law-enforcement authorities are now limited to tense, conflict-ridden situations, reinforcing the confrontational atmosphere between rebellious youth and the police.
8574- Immigration controls, for example, have been relaxed in several European countries (notably Germany) due to declining populations and educational shortcomings.
8575- To be a devoted football or basketball player in the lowest series brings ridicule rather than fame.
8576- The UBS survey shows that prices in Frankfurt are 8% higher than in Berlin.
8577- The document, "Al-Qaeda In Southeast Asia: The Case Of The "Ngruki Network," is an exhaustive review of reliable public data, and identifies a handful of individuals with possible direct or indirect links with Al-Qaeda.
8578- While Holocaust deniers have been purged from German universities, Russian universities employ a number of professors of Russian history who conspicuously maintain the Gulag's absence from their lectures.
8579- Sooner or later, the Chinese and Indian central banks' desire to hold down exchange rates to boost exports and their rich citizens' desire to keep their money in accounts at Bank of America will be offset by the sheer magnitude of investment opportunities.
8580- What is clear is that Hamas and the Palestinians want an end to the 38-year Israeli occupation, and that selling Palestinians the same plans that were sold to the PLO will not work.
8581- Unemployment is high and concentrated amongst French minorities because of specific labor-market institutions.
8582- Nato must either say "Yes" or "No" to the Baltic states.
8583- Likewise, the leader of Britain's Conservatives, David Cameron, startled more old-fashioned supporters of his party by saying that people released from prison "need, above all, love."
8584- It is not just politicians who have failed to provide leadership here.
8585- Finally - years after Enron's collapse - Lay faces charges for what happened when he was at the helm.
8586- Keynesian demand management was thus displaced by a new understanding -- which we owe largely to Friedman -- that pursuing fiscal discipline and price stability is the best guarantee of macroeconomic sustainability.
8587- Nevertheless, few researchers doubt that what Hwang and his colleagues claimed to do is, in principle, achievable.
8588- On the right is Nicolas Sarkozy, the interior minister (and briefly the economy minister), whose political rise took place within the grab-bag framework of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).
8589- A Tricky Trade Treaty
8590- Indeed, equality among races is an important Muslim value and practice.
8591- In St. Petersburg, the stone is complemented with inscriptions, such as "To the victims of Communism."
8592- What have people been spending all that extra money on?
8593- But the Yes backers could never articulate clearly why people should vote in favor of the Treaty.
8594- Many American voices are already saying that, whether or not the war in Iraq was a good idea, the US (and the UN) must now stay, to preserve national honor and to show that the US will not be scared away by terrorism.
8595- Inventions from 1850 to 1900 may well overshadow those of the entire 20th century, but they were the result of a few inventors, such as Thomas Edison, who satisfied a small wealthy clientele.
8596- Indeed, the combined cost for the State Department's public diplomacy programs and all of America's international broadcasting is just over $1 billion, about the same amount spent by Britain or France, countries that are one-fifth America's size and whose military budgets are only 25% as large.
8597- There can be no democratic transition if Islamic currents that reject violence and accept democracy's ground rules are not integrated into the public arena.
8598- "Ivy League" universities like Harvard, Yale, and Princeton still charge the world's highest tuition fees, but only one-third of students pay the full amount.
8599- Drug dealers, like sharp businessmen everywhere, have gone out and found new markets.
8600- Americans, for their part, must accept that a strong Europe will not be content to simply do America's bidding.
8601- He re-surfaced in Vienna recovering from what at first was thought to be food poisoning.
8602- For reasons of its own, the Bush administration has found it advantageous to nurture the fear that September 11 engendered.
8603- Most developed countries have a growing number and proportion of elderly.
8604- Time to Get Back to Business on Doha
8605- Research by primatologists Sarah Brosnan and Frans de Waal at Emory University has shown that monkeys also have what look like moral values.
8606- The first option is to defend the wages of the low skilled through minimum-wage laws or paying social replacement incomes which imply minimum wage demands against the private economy.
8607- The European members of NATO responded by invoking the Article 5 mutual defense clause of the NATO charter and coming to the aid of the US in Afghanistan, where today there are 32,000 NATO troops.
8608- It is irrelevant whether Internet regulations that fail to promote competition and protect consumers are passed by governments afraid of freely flowing information or, as in the case of the jailed entrepreneur, in order to protect established companies.
8609- Today, one-quarter of the world's population still lives on the equivalent of less than one US dollar a day, and the World Bank says that the daily spending power of 1.2 billion people is roughly equal to the price of a hamburger, two soft drinks, or three candy bars in the West.
8610- Prions are a relatively new discovery.
8611- Given the variety of matters to which they must attend, officials are likely to have a high threshold of attention below which risks are ignored.
8612- With such anemic growth, how can Latin America expect to compete in world trade except through ever shrinking wages?
8613- So we decided to test the waters and push for a real political opening and a genuinely competitive vote.
8614- Kim knows that the five other countries in the six-party talks are divided.
8615- India acknowledges in the document that Tibet is part of China and proscribes anti-Chinese activities by Tibetans from Indian soil.
8616- How we accomplish this must be continuously negotiated in the public sphere.
8617- Little could he know how true his fantasy would just three decades later.
8618- Indeed, public opinion in all candidate countries is against a military action in Iraq. The candidate countries have simply shown loyalty to the US at a time when the US needs them.
8619- Even the British may learn to understand Europe, though no one should count on it.
8620- It was far more costly to get Hezbollah to serve Iran's strategy.
8621- What is needed instead are policies that reflect particular circumstances in different states and regions, together with an awareness that democracy is, above all, a statement about national realities and depends primarily on domestic factors.
8622- Today, efficiency of external action is inextricably linked to its legitimacy.
8623- I firmly believe that the military option alone cannot defeat terror.
8624- Indeed, the two regimes are now joined at the hip. Assad's recent refusal to attend a summit in Tehran with his Iranian and Iraqi counterparts was a mere tactical move designed to appeal to the proponents of dialogue.
8625- Temporarily birds of peace instead of war, they do immensely more to calm angry Islamists than the reams of glossy propaganda put out by the US information services in Pakistan.
8626- As one example, they consider a phenomenon of which beer drinkers have long been aware. If you want to empty a bottle of water (or beer) and turn it upside down, the water will come out in uneven glugs.
8627- So it is a grave mistake to link modern forms of fundamentalism with the idea of a clash of civilizations.
8628- It also spares us the attempt to stick all kinds of possibly desirable objectives into the definition, like equality in social as well as technical terms, a general theory of the actual process of "democratisation," or even a set of civic virtues of participation.
8629- The virus is shaped so that it can drill into a particular feature of that cell and inject parts of itself inside, confusing the cell into making more viruses and destroying itself in the process. With their very specific forms, the most effective anti-viral vaccines must be designed for a narrow range of factors.
8630- But setbacks in the process of improving risk-taking are to be expected; it is important not to overreact to mistakes.
8631- But the settlers driven by a nationalist-religious ideology, devoted to the myth of a "Great Israel" and convinced that they are fulfilling the biblical dictate of repossessing the sacred land, will oppose evacuation.
8632- That, it seems, is what has happened somewhere in the American chain of command.
8633- A European Security Council would act as a permanent advisory body for the future European Foreign Minister, contributing to building consensus inside and outside the Union.
8634- Turkey would prefer that Kirkuk, with its large Turkmen population, be given special status in the forthcoming draft Iraqi constitution.
8635- Nor is the employment gap with the US the only problem for Europe.
8636- Of course, extinguishing these hot spots will not erode the fanaticism of diehard and suicidal activists; nor will it rid us of the avidity and hatred that is so evident among the leaders of Islamic rage.
8637- But the political cards will be reshuffled, and there will be a new deal on global warming, when America next elects a president in November 2008.
8638- What the United Nations calls the "century of urbanization" will require creativity and imagination, innovations and not brute brick walls or even more subtle security frontiers.
8639- But the end of the fixed exchange-rate regime for industrial countries did not end activist management of currencies.
8640- His official visits to China and South Korea -- two key countries with which relations suffered under the administration of Junichiro Koizumi -- came within a week of his taking office and at a moment of crisis, with North Korea setting off an underground nuclear blast.
8641- A second factor is the false comfort we derive from seeing the parts of a system.
8642- Today, some states harbor terrorists in order to attack their enemies or because they are too weak to control powerful groups.
8643- Intensity measures a hurricane's force, which includes wind speeds, and there has been some recorded increase.
8644- Poverty, combined with higher birth rates, means that the magnitude of Roma hardship will grow in coming years.
8645- In cases where household survey data has tracked the same families over time it is common to find considerable churning under the surface.
8646- Both must be done before any new enlargement is announced.
8647- Instead, the Bush administration, for reasons that are increasingly perplexing, went at it alone.
8648- Senior government officials take their cut of opium revenues or bribes in return for keeping quiet.
8649- Other foreign investors stayed away, because Shevardnadze turned a blind eye to corruption.
8650- The private sector's burden is not limited to state enterprises, but stems more generally from the vast share of national income (51%) that the state taxes and spends, with a large part of taxation falling on employment.
8651- Following the news of Almeyda's clandestine meetings, yet another fugitive, Daniel Borobio, made damaging revelations.
8652- None of this is likely to happen.
8653- The rule of law is not the same as democracy, nor does one necessarily guarantee the other.
8654- It requires persons of great courage to become judges, and strong authorities to enforce their judgments.
8655- To prevent abuse of these far-reaching powers, their exercise needs to be balanced by routine accountability.
8656- Each of the 26 NATO allies has troops in Afghanistan, as do 11 other countries.
8657- Excessive wages destroy the labor-intensive upstream product stages too fast and also impairs other labor-intensive sectors like textiles, simple services, tourism, and construction.
8658- Alarmed by the public reaction, the Harbin magistrate ordered the case reopened, only to have the suspended sentence confirmed when the case was closed this March.
8659- In 2002 production was 2.1 million barrels a day in Nigeria, 900,000 in Angola, 283,000 in Congo Brazzaville, 265,000 in Equatorial Guinea, 247,000 in Gabon, 227,000 in Sudan, 75,000 in Cameroon, 28,000 in South Africa, 25,000 in the Democratic Republic of Congo, and 11,000 in Ivory Coast.
8660- All of this may be beside the point, for it is the threat of financial sanctions under the Pact that inspired governments to seek to reform its rules.
8661- A search of old newspapers finds surprisingly few articles about the outlook for home prices.
8662- Moreover, times have changed.
8663- It is a testament to the great efficiency with which we exploit living marine resources that fish like cod are now much more likely to die at the hands of fishermen than for all other reasons put together, once they get into the fisheries.
8664- Old hands know that global trade deals often rise out of the ashes of failed talks.
8665- For instance, the energy consumption of every unit of Chinese industrial output is close to three times the global average.
8666- Economics is not supposed to be an exact science, but isn't this tardiness taking things a bit too far?
8667- This means that new convergence criteria are needed too.
8668- President Chávez has opposed Free Trade Agreements and has proposed a mutant trade association he calls ALBA, (American Bolivarian Alternative).
8669- But democracy cannot be imposed by force.
8670- According to the World Health Organization, as many as half a million people die each year from influenza.
8671- What, then, can the US do to undermine Iran's position?
8672- In broad terms, these circumstances involve growing markets in certain classes of goods and services (natural-resource intensive products), concomitant with absent markets and collective policies for natural capital (ecosystem services).
8673- Our brains are primed to register such events; so on rare occasions the brain makes a mistake and reconstructs unrelated sounds (such as people talking indistinctly) into a false perception of the spoken name.
8674- They are not yet a serious threat to Megawati, only because they are not backed by Indonesia's powerful Islamic political parties.
8675- This means, above all, that they have ceased to take parliaments seriously.
8676- Otherwise, outsourcing merely reduces demand for domestic labor, just like other efficiency gains.
8677- To hire and retain skilled workers, many foreign-invested enterprises routinely pay above the minimum wage.
8678- But, to be fair, rationing requires the knowledge and general consent of all who are subject to it.
8679- Personal assistance is "time consuming," she admits, but it is individuals who "make the difference."
8680- In order to preserve national unity, Abbas will obviously need to use all his persuasive skills to convince radical groups (some in his own Fatah movement) to respect that approach.
8681- His tragedy is ultimately a personal one.
8682- A strong yen can not prevent this.
8683- But another difference is even more important.
8684- Israeli leaders must be made to understand that preemptive attacks and assassinations only increase the chance of more anti-Israeli attacks, not less.
8685- This phase culminated with the collapse of communism in 1989, but the chance to overcome the Continent's historical divisions now required a redefinition of the European project.
8686- The predominance of English is even more pronounced in communications among the EU's citizens, where it is the first foreign language in all countries of the "old" Europe.
8687- Let us hope that 2005 will bring us a few steps closer to that objective.
8688- But history never bowed out; at most, it only took a decade-long intermission, with its next act heralded by the terrorist attacks in the United States in September 2001.
8689- A Thai fund of 10 billion baht was established to provide outright aid and soft loans to the ECS members.
8690- Bush literally laughed in his face, saying not to worry, that he, too, faced political pressures.
8691- With few exceptions, countries in which the US-educated economic technocracy gained the upper hand performed worse than they did prior to the 1980's.
8692- Even though, like the majority of France's political class, she was educated at Ecole Nationale d'Administration (ENA), she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory.
8693- Of course, the differences between Russia and Iran are enormous.
8694- Who, precisely, were these powerful enemies?
8695- Chirac did better, mainly because he was better at glad-handing voters.
8696- The country with the highest labor costs in the world was confronted with low-wage competitors next door.
8697- Political leaders must create incentives and financial headroom for their forces to undergo the necessary changes.
8698- Both countries have growing strategic interests in the region.
8699- Should we expect to be able to do that in the future?
8700- A poisoned public atmosphere threatens everyone who lives in Ukraine.
8701- If wars, as Clemenceau famously said, are too important to be left to generals, development is too important to be left to finance ministers, central bankers, the IMF and World Bank.
8702- Ministers suspected of less than full loyalty have been sidelined.
8703- So what do we need to do?
8704- The solution, say advocates of this theory, requires countries to improve regulation and supervision of their financial systems and float their currencies, and for the international community to pull the plug on financial assistance.
8705- Should Chairman Mao's huge portrait still hang above the front gate of Tiananmen Square?
8706- Indeed, the continuing influence of the Meiji tradition clearly implies that Japan's post-war economic "miracle" could not have been due to the enlightened dirigisme of a developmental state, as many Western commentators believe.
8707- International commerce and travel enable infectious diseases to strike continents away from their sources.
8708- Europe and North America do retain a fundamental common outlook.
8709- Import-substitution fostered competitive industries in Brazil, but not in Argentina.
8710- One was the "soft" power of liberal ideas, whose spread was aided by the growth of transnational communications and contacts, while the demonstration effect of Western economic success gave them additional appeal.
8711- Not long before the visit of the Chinese premier, India hosted US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
8712- After all, so far as Jews are concerned, Israel has done a remarkable job of integrating diversity.
8713- In its aftermath, General Musharraf, who seized power in a coup in October 1999, has sought to repair the damage to Pakistan's image by offering to talk to India "anywhere, at any time."
8714- He attributes, debatably, the entire problem to higher carbon emissions from cars, power plants, etc.
8715- China's remarkable growth has been financed recently by a rapid expansion of money and bank credit that is producing an increasingly unsustainable investment boom.
8716- Nor does the summit's agenda justify holding it there.
8717- Similarly, an overwhelming number of both Israelis and Palestinians want a durable two-state solution.
8718- They noted that President Bush had sided openly with those who want to make evolutionary theory optional in schools' science curricula.
8719- While we should firmly reject these calls, we must heed the critics' legitimate and deeply felt concerns about how those eggs are used and distributed.
8720- President George W. Bush has demonstrated one way not to do it: his invasion and occupation of Iraq show that directly attacking Muslim states only fuels fanaticism.
8721- Despite all the intellectual applause, however, wage insurance programs are still not a significant force in the world economy.
8722- It is all too easy to reduce the fight against terrorism to tightening the political screws, to a strengthening of Putin's power, to restricting the movement of people within the country.
8723- The world has undergone massive economic deregulation, prescribed by the monetarist doctrine supported by the conservative forces dominant in the developed countries of North America, Europe, and the Far East.
8724- The decline of parties reflects the decline of class.
8725- The aggressive foreign policy pursued by Wilhelmine Germany, the perverse suffering inflicted on Russia by Lenin and Stalin, the terrors of Mao, the dictatorships of Mussolini and Franco, and the monstrous Nazi regime all occurred during this transition.
8726- A quick and successful war, strongly and explicitly backed by the UN, offers the greatest chance of avoiding a huge negative economic fallout.
8727- No matter what you do, even if you decide to do nothing, the future of the lawn depends on you.
8728- American and European leaders are talking about the need to promote reform in the "Greater Middle East."
8729- This stands in sharp contrast to the reigns of François Mitterrand and Jacques Chirac, with their elitism, arrogance, paternalism, and stagnation.
8730- Remaking the Middle East
8731- The Meiji political system and the bureaucrats survived the postwar purges and the imposition of an American-drafted constitution.
8732- Disease has swept Africa, with the AIDS pandemic and the resurgence of malaria and tuberculosis.
8733- You can't sit in all the taxis driven by those loquacious ambassadors from India and Russia and Haiti, from Pakistan and Ghana and Guatemala.
8734- The US is going through one of its phases of redefining the world, which usually ends with helping the world work.
8735- In particular, Americans were frightened by Japanese consumer products -- televisions, which wiped out domestic production, and automobiles, which seemed so malignly efficient.
8736- The predicament for Europe's leaders at this week's summit is that they stand at the cusp of an unstable process of European integration.
8737- But there is another, and a more important element to safeguard, which is the rule of law.
8738- But "managed democracy" now threatens to unravel all three of his real achievements.
8739- They should begin by imagining what would happen if the child of a genetically modified human wanted to become an elite athlete.
8740- Hamas is well aware of the shock that its victory has produced.
8741- The museum on Solovki Island fills just a few rooms inside the functioning monastery.
8742- Of course, European civilization arises from a synthesis of religious and humanistic values.
8743- These include, above all, increased respect for the rule of law, for property rights, for freedom for people to take advantage of their entrepreneurial spirit and to express their discontent with their lot, not to mention other basic freedoms set out in numerous international conventions to which almost all the countries participating in the Earth Summit are signatories and which many flagrantly ignore.
8744- With today's global economy in the middle of a sustained and increasingly balanced expansion, has the time come to start considering upside risks?
8745- Dam opponents, including vocal indigenous environmental groups, have waged a seemingly successful battle to protect Tiger Leaping Gorge and the Salween (the Nu River).
8746- When Brazil hit the ropes, it imported Arminio Fraga, a senior trader for the financier George Soros, who quickly imposed himself and accomplished miracles.
8747- Gathering sophisticated intelligence is largely a matter of understanding trends.
8748- Their attraction to the Union is a sign of the appeal - the "soft power" - of the idea of European unification.
8749- Pope John Paul II is in many ways an intellectual; he may have been underrated in that regard.
8750- Europe deserves no less.
8751- He fails to face his addictions - to the fast life and to his not always healthy, but always demanding and unreal relationship with Argentines.
8752- According to many close observers, America's attractiveness is declining in the region where the allure, or "soft power," of others has increased.
8753- Despite civil wars, malnutrition, and the anguish of the AIDS epidemic, something remarkable is happening in black Africa: the stealthy rise of a high-technology sector.
8754- With the economic benefits of EU membership now seeming much less than expected, the intensity of pro-EU sentiments in the candidate countries has significantly declined.
8755- Unresolved, it will provide a sure means of preventing Turkey's membership by those who are against it.
8756- But the fundamental problem is that, until now, at every historical juncture, the Palestinians refused to accept a compromise and consequently failed in nation-building.
8757- So President George W. Bush could quietly tell Abe that we welcome good relations between Japan and China, and that prime ministerial visits to the Yasukuni Shrine undercut Japan's own interests in East Asia.
8758- I did everything that others did.
8759- Watanabe, who is now in his eighties and served in the Imperial Japanese Army during WWII, was bothered by the way unfinished business concerning the war continued to hinder Japan's progress.
8760- In other words, the World Bank is beginning to face up to a reality that is obvious to anyone who looks at the empirical record with an open mind.
8761- Instead, we should be concentrating on investments in making energy without CO2 emissions viable for our descendants.
8762- The open economic space and the principle of solidarity helped ensure that economically less developed countries that joined the European Economic Community and, later, the European Union, progressed at an astonishing pace, enhancing the living standards of their peoples.
8763- In order to kill twelve Americans in an attack on the US Embassy in August 1998, Middle Eastern terrorists killed some two hundred Kenyans in Nairobi.
8764- In an article in the Financial Times in July 2004, Standard Chartered CEO Mervyn Davies wrote, "westerners are realizing how big Asia's corporate ambitions are."
8765- The political "fanatic" is also dishonest, for he is blinded by the conviction that he is absolutely right in all cases.
8766- I hope to see governments in Western Europe and the US face up to their responsibilities and conduct sensible, sustainable fiscal policies.
8767- According to Nout Wellink, president of the Dutch Central Bank, failure to satisfactorily settle this issue could have serious negative consequences for the euro.
8768- Kept indoors all their lives, on bare concrete without straw for bedding -- pigs love straw, but it costs money and makes the floors harder to keep clean -- with nothing to do all day except for the short time they are eating, it is hard to see that longer existence brings them any benefits at all.
8769- Against this backdrop, Western Europe after 1950 was remarkably peaceful and stable, even taking into account the fall of the French Fourth Republic and the transitions from dictatorship to democracy in Portugal, Spain, and Greece.
8770- Africans can start winning only if they move faster.
8771- In a certain ideological mind-set , Israel is perceived not as a political entity, susceptible to prevailing standards of judgment, but as an almost allegorical force, the symbolic center and source of the globe's evils and ailments.
8772- Yet, the foreign oil companies get 82% of the increase -- in the case of oil, this would amount to a windfall for them of $32 a barrel or more.
8773- A commitment to a price-level target path above the current level would imply a commitment to keep nominal interest rates low for a time in the future, even after prices begin to rise again.
8774- The precautionary principle is a variant on Pascal's famous wager on the existence of God.
8775- But, however welcome the return to cordiality may be, it is no more than that.
8776- Blair has promised that he will make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities of the summit.
8777- Kifaya's action is especially bold in the midst of a government crackdown to prepare the way for the succession of Mubarak's son, Gamal.
8778- But the RCB's track record since 1992 has done little to stabilize inflation expectations and to persuade businessmen, investors, government officials and ordinary Russians that it is genuinely focused on reining in price growth.
8779- Abbas says that if a coalition government is not agreed upon within the next two weeks, he will dissolve the current government, a move Hamas will not tolerate.
8780- Some poor economies will be directly damaged by the loss of the Iraq market, which accounts for roughly 40% of Vietnam's tea exports and 20% of its rice exports.
8781- The anti-secession law's vague language and attempt at softened wording -- perhaps geared toward mollifying foreign critics -- paradoxically increases rather than decreases the likelihood that China and the United States could be unwittingly and unwillingly drawn into an avoidable military conflict.
8782- Instead of individual member states having fraught negotiations to opt‑out of a new initiative, those that support it can simply opt‑in.
8783- But don't worry: NATO will find enemies for you!"
8784- In other words: is Iran to be treated as Hitler's Germany in 1938, Prussia in 1756, or Stalin's Soviet Union?
8785- The Islamists' popularity is not difficult to understand.
8786- However, we were not mistaken when we argued that Communism was not a mere dead end of Western rationalism.
8787- Above all, to be "strong," you're supposed to be giving orders.
8788- Fisheries policy is designed to allow small fish to grow.
8789- But not only political and economic transitions are wrenching. Demographic changes can be equally painful for a society.
8790- -1.7
8791- Less damaging, yet problematic, is the election -- as in Poland -- of a minority government that ruthlessly pursues its members' personal interests and breaks all promises of cooperation made before the polls.
8792- Or they could be content with whichever of the three strategies that they expected to see, agreeing that, in any case, fiscal policy was always going to be much better than it would have been under Democratic rule.
8793- The G-8 Summit provides an opportunity for the US, which will spend $500 billion on its military this year, to make a lasting -- and certainly more cost-effective -- contribution to global security by saving millions of lives in Africa and helping its people escape extreme poverty.
8794- Throwing such disparate groups into one body politic doomed the newly invented country to decades of strife and repression.
8795- The Great Depression, which followed the stock market crash of 1929, saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries, accompanied by severe deflation.
8796- Capitalism is the world's engine of growth.
8797- My father was taken from prison and transported straight to central Berlin, where he was told to set up the office for Berlin's energy supply, a task that had to be done literally from nothing.
8798- How Economic Superpowers Rise
8799- For now, their different views coexist and they live together peacefully.
8800- However, there are substantial differences among these economies. Some are doing very well, indeed.
8801- Throughout Central and Eastern Europe, the EU is not as popular as it used to be.
8802- They are expected to rank second by 2020, behind only heart disease.
8803- In this respect, the last two American presidential elections have hardly been models for the world.
8804- I imagine that Rivero would want to end with a diary entry smuggled out by his fellow journalist and prison mate Manuel Vázquez Portal.
8805- Our notion of sovereignty must therefore be conditional, even contractual, rather than absolute.
8806- Too many Americans believe that while trade is good, imports are bad!
8807- Some of the fighters in Bosnia, Kosovo and Macedonia during the Balkan wars included mujahedeen from many countries who had trained in Afghanistan.
8808- But don't hold your breath.
8809- Their perceived claim to speak for Europe antagonized much of the Union.
8810- 
8811- In the end, while a loose opposition coalition of pro-reform ex-MP's, Islamists, and liberals gained a majority of the National Assembly's 50 seats, no woman won.
8812- But Asia equally cannot afford to divide itself by ostracizing one of its parts.
8813- Having violated the ceiling in 2002, Germany looked set to do so again in 2003 despite tightening its budget along Commission lines.
8814- When the OAU mandated the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) to promote regional economic and monetary union, France and its allies moved quickly to impede it by spearheading the creation of the West African Economic and Monetary Union (UEMOA) and the Central African Economic and Monetary Union (CEMAC).
8815- Let's not forget that, within the limits of its powers, the UN worked.
8816- Has the EU's behavior been consistent in supporting political reform in Turkey?
8817- In battles for survival, whether in Yugoslavia or Israel, everyone sticks with his own tribe or nation, whether its policies are right or wrong.
8818- With high prices for crude oil and natural gas bloating its coffers, Russia is once again aggressively confronting the small and still relatively weak states that fled the eroding Soviet empire 15 years ago.
8819- In the past, France and Germany were the motors of European integration.
8820- For employees to develop, they must be imbedded in a stimulating workplace, with new problems to solve, harder tasks to be mastered, added abilities to strive for.
8821- -0.7
8822- Similarly, although social welfare spending is lower in the US than in the Nordic countries, its budget deficit as a share of national income is much larger.
8823- But the battle to transform the economies of the Middle East--the only hope of preventing fanaticism from claiming a generation of young unemployed Arabs and Iranians--is only beginning.
8824- Literate, well-educated women with many social and economic options in today's rich countries have pulled fertility below the natural replacement rate.
8825- It took it upon itself not only to meet EU membership criteria, but also push forward with other painful reforms.
8826- A second argument attributes the difference to income taxes, which, in fact, have increased significantly in Europe since the 1970's, while in the US income taxes fell from the early 1980's onward.
8827- Not only arms: some junior officers sell their own men into slavery.
8828- In the Cold War era, there was a mechanism for such trade.
8829- Although the language of religion was not used overtly, the debate in Asia reflected the same fears that science is somehow "out of control" and far too powerful.
8830- If the IMF imposes fiscal contraction or a misguided strategy for restructuring the financial sector (as it did in Indonesia), then the economy will be weakened and this will lead to a further erosion of confidence.
8831- If Europeans want to take part in vital global decisions - as the EU security strategy outlined not long ago by Javier Solana argued - they must find a middle way between the unanimity rule and the reality of member states' actual power.
8832- The rhetoric has certainly improved.
8833- Then consider Poland, where the Kaczynski twins, who hold the presidency and the prime ministership, have allied themselves with populist, xenophobic, and anti-Semitic parties.
8834- If so, there is a chance that the globalized economic age to which we look forward will be a more peaceful age than the twentieth century was.
8835- Farmers will be weaned off opium over the long term only if they have sustainable livelihoods.
8836- India Takes the Lead
8837- Unfortunately, the neural roadmap for sensory messages of tissue injury explains only a part of how we experience pain.
8838- The militants argue that a two-stage strategy is needed to defeat Israel.
8839- For example, everyone knows how hard it was for Russia over the past decade to maintain its image as a space power.
8840- Countries need strategies to foster education and innovation just as they need strategies to preserve macroeconomic stability and a healthy business environment.
8841- Nor would this scheme be inflationary.
8842- At best, it is a safety valve for democracy rather than an engine of it.
8843- It is not like the US government, running a huge deficit despite an economic boom, does not need the money.
8844- Regions suitable for farming will shift.
8845- They may marry non-Muslims, but do not allow others to marry their women, and expect those marrying within Islam to convert to it.
8846- Uncertainty about the future direction of economic policy may lead to higher than necessary interest rates in Euroland - and thus slower growth.
8847- It increased the terrorist threat by creating innocent victims, while leading to a precipitous decline in American power and influence.
8848- The current situation in the bond markets does not reflect this because of public overreaction to the talk of deflation, with Japan used as a scarecrow.
8849- Indeed, elected officials in Russia have become an endangered species.
8850- Their political cultures are underdeveloped.
8851- Mr. Trichet's silence at the May ECB press conference on the rising euro could be a tacit acknowledgement of this new reality.
8852- Thus, for example, Saudi women, but not convicts, are barred from participating in the forthcoming municipal elections.
8853- Political dissidents and others in similar categories brought before State forensic psychiatrists are often treated as the most "serious and dangerous" of all supposed mentally ill offenders, and face compulsory committal in these secretive institutions.
8854- The police finally stepped in and, after a careful investigation, announced that they had found the true criminal: Yang Yongming, a private businessman whom the local lottery administration had contracted to organize ticket sales. Yang had conspired with the government officials directing the lottery, who were arrested for malfeasance, to fraudulently obtain the top prizes.
8855- To be sure, photographic and video images relayed by the media have shown trees swept away by waves and water-drenched lands.
8856- At the time, there was some disagreement about how long the downturn would last (I was a pessimist, and unfortunately I have been proved right).
8857- Here, political pressure, including from the US Treasury, was put on the supposedly independent Board not to make the change.
8858- But as we compare patterns of development throughout the world, more and more evidence is piling up that universal literacy and a large class of people with industrial-technical skills are key resources that determine whether countries are able to break free from the grip of backwardness and poverty.
8859- Don't get me wrong, I am not arguing for fiscal profligacy.
8860- But including monetary analysis in a monetary policy strategy is vital to the central bank's decision making process.
8861- In the Convention on the future of the EU, member states and candidate countries are already discussing how to organize the EU in the years ahead.
8862- Although good progress in meeting these goals has been made in Asia, in Africa there are now 140 million more people living in extreme poverty than there were in 1990.
8863- Yushchenko has gained a majority in Parliament because many adherents of the old regime switched their allegiance out of convenience.
8864- The fears were misplaced, because the world benefited from cheaper and more readily available products.
8865- But contagion from Argentina's crisis has undermined MERCOSUL and Argentina's commitment to the regional project cannot be assured after next year's presidential elections in that country.
8866- Similarly, spectacular deflation in many countries around the world in the early 1930's magnified the real value of (unhedged and unindexed) debts, leading to millions of defaults and widespread bank failures.
8867- For example, the averages for German (34%) or French (35%) companies are markedly lower than for their Spanish (56%) or Italian (65%) counterparts.
8868- By looking at monuments, we feel how a nation-state affirms its continuity.
8869- Rich countries in Europe, North America, and East Asia have a sharply higher share of the elderly than developing countries.
8870- Today's systematic lack of aggregate demand is a cause for worry.
8871- Who would not wish to live in a meritocracy? It is certainly preferable to a plutocracy, in which wealth determines status, or a gerontocracy, in which age leads one to the top, or even an aristocracy, in which what counts are inherited titles and properties.
8872- Several projects, including some in the energy sector, have been prepared or are under preparation, and four have already been approved for financing by the Bank.
8873- TRIMs are designed to provide a level playing field between foreign and domestic enterprises.
8874- Security is the absolute precondition for sustainable recovery from conflict; without it, people cannot rebuild their country or return to school or work.
8875- The substantial benefits of donor aid for health have already been demonstrated.
8876- The second example, the end of the Cold War in 1989, was also a success story.
8877- Every day, at the same hour, he appeared with his metal trunk stuffed with all that he had collected from street corner garbage cans; it was as if he wanted to ensnare me with his street sorcery so that I could see the city's unfathomable contrasts.   
8878- The conference in New York Friday drew on the collective resources and expertise of UN agencies, the World Bank, and the major donor countries led by the United States, an impressive and effective collaboration that offers a rough framework for preparation for future post-conflict response.
8879- But history does not end, and it is forever full of surprises.
8880- Investing in Health for Economic Development
8881- Holding Arab land and prisoners indefinitely will no longer be an asset but a terrible burden.
8882- What would it do?
8883- In the end, they agreed on international efforts under UN Security Council Resolution 1546.
8884- For example, they usually find it difficult to jump between species, because they would have to change their structure.
8885- But convinced - as are most Israelis - that there is no Palestinian partner ready to negotiate seriously and implement its promises, the prime minister wants to prepare for an extended interim period.
8886- Unlike most American CEOs, Annan was not parachuted in from outside; he is the first career employee to lead the UN.
8887- A stagnating economy, high unemployment, an increasingly unaffordable welfare state, will hardly be reformed by a coalition permanently worried about its shaky parliamentary majority.
8888- On the surface, the crisis in France may seem short-lived.
8889- Economic conditions worsen almost everywhere, social cohesion unravels and political instability mounts.
8890- Sure, the decision to invade Iraq was a big help in pushing the country's finances off a cliff, but that is far from the whole story.
8891- Not in Britain, nor among Britain's partners.
8892- A typical AIDS drug regimen is priced at about $10,000 per patient, per year in rich countries. The costs of producing these drugs, however, are much less than the market price, perhaps as low as $350-$500 per year for some of the three-drug combinations used to treat AIDS.
8893- Both he and the opposition know that the result of the plebiscite is not a foregone conclusion.
8894- Emigration countries gain because their nationals can earn an income in Western Europe that, for all but the most marginal migrant, is more than sufficient to compensate for the loss of domestic value added and the subjective and objective costs of migration.
8895- It would perhaps be better if we recognized the limits our own explanatory ability, but there may be some adaptive value of those limits as well.
8896- Silvio Berlusconi has endured a bumpy first month of his six-month presidency of the EU.
8897- HIV/AIDS activists and policymakers need to focus much greater attention on TB.
8898- One also must avoid the fragmentation that doomed the left in 2002, when none of its six candidates qualified for the second round, leaving Jacques Chirac, who had received 19% of the vote in the first round -- a record low for a final winner ­ -- to defeat Jean-Marie Le Pen in the runoff with 82% of the vote.
8899- Before providing more aid or debt forgiveness two conditions need to be met.
8900- By September 1990, each of the metals had dropped in price: chromium by 5%, tin by a whopping 74%.
8901- America needs a post-occupation strategy for Iraq and the Middle East, one grounded in a viable national security strategy for the twenty-first century.
8902- Political integration, by contrast, might have an opposite effect on the development of markets.
8903- Everyone agrees that recent pledges of a $1 billion in aid are a sign that donors are ready to show Burundians that peace has a dividend.
8904- The difference between Chinese and US saving rates has been growing for decades.
8905- Soulless Bodies
8906- The reason is that structural reforms tend to pay off in the long term, but cost money in the short term.
8907- Willard: "They told me that you had gone totally insane, and that your methods were unsound."
8908- Iranians were initially hopeful, but after years of waiting in vain they grew impatient.
8909- Many Uzbeks, Turkmens, and even some Tajiks, feel excluded.
8910- Rewards for risk taking and initiative are immediate and highly motivating.
8911- A decade ago, the West turned its back on Afghanistan and chaos ensued.
8912- Instead of capital flowing from rich to poor, just the opposite happened: it flowed from poor to rich, the overwhelmingly largest stream going to the US, whose rate of capital inflow is now the largest of any country, anywhere, anytime.
8913- Nevertheless, the doctrine that it is acceptable to take actions that will foreseeably kill innocent people can have the effect of leading us to treat more lightly than we should the deaths of those killed.
8914- There is much more thinking to be done. Now is the time to do it.
8915- Today in Rome, the heads of state and government of the EU's 25 member states will sign the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe.
8916- Here we must distinguish between national and international terrorism.
8917- Industrial countries would increase aid levels and lower trade barriers.
8918- But, despite the advent of true democratic elections, Liberia and all of West Africa will be trapped in an unending cycle of violence unless Taylor is put in the dock for war crimes.
8919- Engagement means that the tradition is carried into the open discourse of the culture, and that those who represent the tradition make unapologetic truth claims.
8920- But there is good news: for individual patients with depression, the possibility of getting completely well is high, assuming that effective treatments are used in a skillful and persistent way.
8921- Bush's declared intention to "better explain the reasons for his decisions" to America's Allies simply will not do.
8922- An international conference on Afghanistan should be called by the US and held under UN auspices. It must affirm not only Afghanistan's territorial integrity, but insure that donor commitments meet the scale of the job and that these promises are kept.
8923- None of these tasks will be easy to accomplish.
8924- Indeed, this group is reminiscent of the young twenty and thirty year olds who took power in Estonia in 1991 and successfully led that former Soviet country into EU membership.
8925- Regular dialogue with religious communities, though a good thing, should not be extended to purely secular areas.
8926- It did not have to collapse so quickly.
8927- He maintains day-to-day control over every aspect of government.
8928- But the overall picture is amazingly good.
8929- George Bush's immigration policy is a big piñata hanging across the border between Mexico and the United States.
8930- Clear EU benchmarks and targets for reform will help, but it is now up to the AKP government to show the necessary political will to fulfill its membership obligations.
8931- Economists call such situations "coordination failures," if depositors could talk to each other and coordinate their actions, they would be able to avoid a self-defeating run on the bank. By guaranteeing that there will be enough resources available for patient clients when they want to withdraw their funds, deposit insurance eliminates the coordination failure.
8932- In this effort, I have committed $10 million to 'America Coming Together, (ACT)' a grass-roots get-out-the-vote operation, and $2.5 million to the 'MoveOn.org Voter Fund,' a popular Internet advocacy group that is airing advertisements to highlight the administration's misdeeds.
8933- As a result, I am challenging this deal in court and asked the members of my party to vote no confidence in the government.
8934- When my government questioned this assumption, they cried out that this was interference by the state with legitimate property rights.
8935- But for the United States to undertake a full-scale invasion would be, once again, to fall into a trap: to be lured back into "the Soviet's Vietnam" while pouring kerosene on Islamist passions in Pakistan.
8936- Growth was fastest from 1870-1890, followed by large fluctuations in output.
8937- The same is true for the virtue of tolerance and for multilingualism.
8938- This image was very much on my mind when the mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy, asked me to set up a new Strategic Master Plan for our 10.4 million people - a number that grows to 17.4 million when the greater metropolitan area is considered.
8939- Already, French President Jacques Chirac has promised to veto any Security Council resolution on reconstruction that seeks to justify the war.
8940- Nevertheless, the rise of Euroskeptic parties, in a number of countries including Britain, France, Belgium, Poland, and the Czech Republic, has worrying implications for a summit meeting whose purpose is to take European integration a small but unmistakable step forward.
8941- In such circumstances, the Mosque becomes the sole public space in which people can voice political views.
8942- Concerns have been raised about the influx of cheap labor. But average GDP growth rates in the new members are twice as high as in the original members, and this can provide a welcome stimulus to stagnant labor markets and sluggish economies.
8943- The implication of the two is an explosion upward for the Euro.
8944- Furthermore, despite its large geothermal and solar energy potential, Africa accounts for only 1.3% of the world's installed solar facilities, and only four countries have started exploiting underground heat sources.
8945- What Levitt grasped - and what the Enron debacle shows so clearly - is that incentives matter, but that unfettered markets by themselves may not provide the right incentives.
8946- In terms of experience, patients who report that their movements feel alien should be more aware of the sensations caused by their own actions.
8947- In August 1945, Jean Monnet told Charles de Gaulle that: "you speak of grandeur but the French are small today.
8948- In practice, order must be established before it can be limited by the rule of law and international human rights norms.
8949- The numbers indicate how touchy the situation was before the terrorists struck.
8950- Emerging market countries elsewhere have made considerable reform progress of late, but they must sustain the momentum to guard against potential shocks.
8951- I hope to be surprised.
8952- Unfortunately, however, it is the sinners themselves who will determine the conditions under which they are punished.
8953- The point is not that public confidence (or lack thereof) in an election outcome doesn't matter.
8954- The remarkable boosts to productivity that have been within America's grasp will ultimately lead to accelerating growth of real profits and real wages, if only US policy makers resist the temptation to pursue politically expedient, but economically damaging, measures to "protect" output and employment.
8955- It would be hard to identify any poor country whose development prospects are seriously blocked by restrictions on market access abroad.
8956- China's authorities did not embark on import liberalization in earnest until much later, during the second half of the 1980s and the 1990s.
8957- The Buck Stops at the Top
8958- The conflict between the two visions of reform should not obscure the fact that there is a general consensus in Egypt: substantial reform of some kind is necessary and long overdue.
8959- Those who see him as successful have the 1960's and 1970's as their dream fantasy.
8960- During the Reagan Administration, trade legislation that threatened unilateral sanctions if others did not negotiate helped create the conditions that prodded other countries to move forward with the creation of the World Trade Organization and its dispute settlements mechanism.
8961- It is also a matter of democratic principle that laws are written in the language of every land where they apply.
8962- Trapped on the Right
8963- The bottom line is that Social Security's long-term funding difficulty, while real, is projected to be much smaller and much further in the future than any of the nearer, larger, and more significant fiscal problems currently facing the US government.
8964- They would rather sell their oil and invest later, when prices are higher, so they restrain increases in supply.
8965- An honest politician is someone who regards politics as a tool for achieving the common good.
8966- Both arrangements will eventually become untenable, because they will generate either an intolerable rate of inflation or an unsustainable burden of public-sector debt.
8967- In other words, Argentina has failed to become a technology-based economy.
8968- From Kim Jong Il down, North Korea's leadership shows little or no awareness of the "mosquitoes" that opening up the economy and will bring in.
8969- Unlike any first lady in Argentine history, she is capable and well prepared when discussing complex issues such as money laundering or labor law.
8970- But the basic message is clear: current energy patterns are risky and must change.
8971- Yet this has been portrayed as "buying news."
8972- By carefully poring over the data, the NBER determined that output most probably started to grow again in December 2001.
8973- · The World Bank, through a recently approved $505 million loan, is supporting the inclusion of environmental issues and concerns across Brazil's government ministries.
8974- Indeed, President Hafez Al-Assad, Bashar's father, massacred up to 38,000 mainly Sunni fundamentalist Muslim Brotherhood insurgents in Hama in 1982.
8975- One clue as to why they attacked Russia's richest man is the fact that Khodorkovsky is the first oligarch to help the country's liberal parties as opposed to the ruling party of power, to support independent mass media, and to provide money to lawyers and legal assistants.
8976- For example, both political parties in the US now accept the notion that when a country is in a recession, it is not only permissible, but even desirable , to run deficits.
8977- Those who both persecuted and were persecuted are willing to talk only about their being victims.
8978- The ECB Picks Up The Pace
8979- Having been the mayor of Jerusalem for 10 years, you know the situation of Palestinians close up.
8980- This is particularly true in small, developing economies.
8981- At the same time, carbon dioxide emissions are rising: the European Union's target is to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 8% by 2010; but with current policies, only 0.5% will be achieved.
8982- The late British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to quip that "a week is a long time in politics."
8983- But bold assertions, even from central bankers, are no substitute for research and analysis.
8984- Eighteen months ago, at the Tampere summit, EU leaders said that they recognised "the need for more efficient management of migration flows." What they really meant, however, was stronger measures to tackle illegal immigration.
8985- Labour succeeded because Tony Blair jettisoned Labour's entrenched left-wing dogmas.
8986- Instead, it condemns Central America to carry its dismal past far into the future.
8987- In other words, the ideological differences across the Atlantic are much larger than actual differences in social mobility and the supposed laziness of the poor.
8988- It is often assumed that everyone recoils at the prospect that there are genetic limits to our capacity for change.
8989- Granted, the differences between any two Muscovites' experiences are greater than the differences between the experiences of any two bacteria in a test tube culture. But that is just the point.
8990- Interest-rate hikes may be coming sooner rather than later, which is why Berlusconi and French President Jacques Chirac are talking up interest-rate cuts now.
8991- In the United Kingdom, where this did not happen in the 1970s and 1980s, every university place could have been filled with a Continental European trying to escape declining institutions at home.
8992- Yet his party now seems to have fixed itself on the political landscape.
8993- This is the sine qua non for beginning to face and correct intense and deeply rooted problems, such as redressing the country's poverty, obscene distribution of income, the vast educational shortages, a precarious health system, a devastated infrastructure caused by long years of insufficient investment, and the rest of a long list of other miseries typical of underdevelopment.
8994- What happens in Gaza after Israel leaves will have a profound impact on Israeli politics.
8995- It also seemed like an illustration of her authorized biography, entitled Reina Cristina ("Queen Cristina").
8996- The unwavering US position since Dwight Eisenhower's administration has been that Israel's borders coincide with those established in 1949, and, since 1967, the universally adopted UN Resolution 242 has mandated Israel's withdrawal from the occupied territories.
8997- Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda, but few believed that the president had not known what Almeyda, a trusted confidante, had done.
8998- Managing the exchange rate becomes much more difficult when capital is free to come and go as it pleases. But it is not impossible -- as long as policymakers understand the critical role played by the exchange rate and the need to subordinate capital flows to the requirements of competitiveness.
8999- Real estate bubbles are another fact of life; and when they break, as they did in the 1980s in the US, Scandinavia, and Thailand, they bring down economies with them.
9000- Extreme-right and post-fascist parties, whose rising popularity caused alarm across Western Europe a few years ago, seem to be fading from the electoral scene.
9001- A little more than a century and a half ago the United States appeared willing to go to war with the world's only superpower of the time to try to turn Vancouver, British Columbia, into a city ruled from Washington, D.C. rather than from Ottawa or London.
9002- Indeed, more than 80% of Ukraine's Russified eastern districts voted for independence in 1991, and the 1999 parliamentary and presidential elections did not split the country nearly as much as the 2004 presidential elections did.
9003- The third hurdle is the danger that the Extraordinary Chambers will be regarded as the end rather than the beginning of a long-term search for accountability and legal reform.
9004- According to this theory, such agents were dispersed after a missile or bomb hit, rather than being delivered with incoming warheads.
9005- Prime Minister Vajpayee, though he enjoys the legitimacy conferred by election, is not entirely unshackled.
9006- China narrowed the trade policy gap with other developing countries, bringing average tariffs down to Southeast Asian and Latin American levels (about 10%) and establishing comparable openness to foreign direct investment (FDI).
9007- How wrong they were!
9008- The result of all this is spreading hopelessness.
9009- But if there are no jobs, looking does no good.
9010- Just enough allows the Taliban to melt away or change sides.
9011- In the advanced countries, trade barriers for manufactured goods and many services are at a historic low.
9012- They may be right.
9013- The same story is true in poor countries around the world: telephone penetration remained stubbornly stagnant in developing nations until they allowed competitive entry-primarily in the form of mobile telephony-in the 1990's.
9014- Powers of the Future
9015- From Washington, the past half-century may look like the story of a victorious Cold War against an outside enemy; but from Europe, it looks more like the story of a slow, unremitting effort to find political, economic, legal and institutional alternatives to military power as a way of tackling geo-political problems.
9016- Parliamentary elections occur in Kuwait and Bahrain, and at the end of last year, Sheikh Mohammad al Maktoom, Crown Prince of Dubai, in the U.A.E., suggested that Arab leaders must reform or sink.
9017- Foreign investment has grown recently from $1.5 billion (2004) to $2.5 billion (2005).
9018- The archaeology of early modern and Neanderthal populations suggests that we are not the chosen people who received from God the light, the divine mandate to go forth, multiply, and eliminate their subhuman neighbors.
9019- There is simply no room for complacency where viruses - or bacteria, for that matter - are concerned.
9020- Finland lost a bloody war with the Soviet Union, but retained its independence.
9021- How will the associated conditions be classified?
9022- In fact, the "rise of China" is a misnomer.
9023- An indigenous civil society has emerged; indeed, Iran appears to be the only nation in the Islamic Middle East that is building a sustainable liberal foundation from the bottom up.
9024- One of the key points that I emphasized in my 1990 book Reflections on the Revolution in Europe is also valid for Iraq.
9025- For the inflation and interest rate criteria, one possibility is to require the same margins as now, but over the average for the entire eurozone.
9026- But that alienation already largely ended earlier this year, when the Bush administration realized that allies are good to have and that Germany is an important one.
9027- The greatest lesson of the last century is that hubris leads us to adopt ideologies that make us "un-free" and that eventually oppress.
9028- So Ukraine now has a legitimate government.
9029- If the program is adopted, countries with high fertility rates and rapid population growth will move towards lower fertility rates and slower population growth as households gain confidence that their children will survive to adulthood.
9030- On top of this, corruption became ubiquitous and deep fissures appeared in the governing coalition.
9031- As University of Ottawa virologist Earl Brown put it after a Canadian outbreak of avian influenza, "high-intensity chicken rearing is a perfect environment for generating virulent avian flu viruses."
9032- Now, Premier Racan is cashing in on his procrastination over Tudjman acolytes, hoping that they will be as generous with him should they return to government.
9033- Parliament must impeach President Kuchma.
9034- When disasters hit (such as this year's droughts or floods), politicians cannot be held accountable for mistakes made over the course of many decades.
9035- Many countries already have such limits.
9036- Most importantly, the war on terror has diverted attention from other urgent tasks that require American leadership, such as finishing the job that we correctly began in Afghanistan, addressing the looming global energy crisis, and dealing with nuclear proliferation.
9037- Similar discrepancies were found in the price of a coast-to-coast phone call in the US and that of a domestic long-distance call in France.
9038- But if we take a wider view, the problems of the Middle East appear to be but one aspect of deeper shifts among the powers of the world. Indeed, tectonic changes became visible in 2004.
9039- The reform prescriptions it followed helped end inflation but ignored the need for government to promote a knowledge-based economy.
9040- After all, universities are distinctive in producing new knowledge (through research) that is then consolidated and distributed (through teaching). In the former phase, academia generates new forms of social advantage and privilege, while in the latter phase, it eliminates them.
9041- Deposit insurance did away with financial panics because bank runs are typically driven by a self-fulfilling prophecy.
9042- Dr. Fola was expert at doing a lot with a little.
9043- For example, in 1986, then-president Ayatollah Ali Khamenei gave a pep talk at the headquarters of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran.
9044- On my way to Novosibirk airport at 5a.m. on a morning when the temperature read minus 48 Celsius (minus 118 Fahrenheit) I saw a brightly-lit wooden hut.
9045- But this means that a university's value must not be measured only by the short-term benefits it provides for immediate clients.
9046- Non-aggressive demonstrations of difference - including Islamic headscarves worn by students or teachers in largely Christian countries - should be bearable.
9047- The huge subsidies have meant that the US has become the largest producer of ethanol in the world.
9048- But France is also a country where everyone enjoys some publicly-funded privilege, so cuts are a political "no-no."
9049- The second task is macroeconomic: it is about setting the budget balance to deal with cyclical fluctuations.
9050- Power may have become more diffuse in the contemporary world.
9051- Accounting Tricks Around the Globe
9052- Any plans to "defend" Yanukovich and the eastern part of Ukraine by military force must be confronted.
9053- Besides abandoning any Gaullist pretensions, the other lesson Germany must learn is that influence is based not only on soft "civilian power," but also on hard military capabilities that are adapted to the exigencies of the post-Cold War world.
9054- He surely adhered to the enemy, giving much more than aid and comfort.
9055- Moreover, the uncertainties over war are hurting America's economy (and economies elsewhere), by causing a postponement of business plans and falling consumer confidence.
9056- However, given the little weight given to constitutions in Iraq's modern history, it is likely that the political class will leave the text alone.
9057- Such attacks, however, have started a chain reaction of assaults across Europe and Latin America on individual Jews and Jewish institutions.
9058- Indeed, just in the last ten years, Russia's population has dropped by 9.5 million, despite the many thousands of Russians returning from former Soviet republics.
9059- The lack of explicit guidelines also keeps content more conservative than it need be, because producers tend to err on the safe side.
9060- Military approaches alone will not work, because the root of the problem is the vulnerability of poor, hungry people to the prophets of hate.
9061- A sullen passivity is the most that Saddam can expect from Iraqis.
9062- But these are precisely the range of goods that remain most protected under existing agreements.
9063- At the same time, yearly population growth slowed to an average of 2.3%, so that per capita income rose at an impressive annual rate of 4.5%, making a dent in India's mass structural poverty for the first time in millennia.
9064- The underlying question is whether merit as a criterion for advancement is doomed when legacies of racial and caste discrimination exist.
9065- Many of its candidates seek office not to work for Ukraine's betterment, but to gain parliamentary immunity from prosecution.
9066- China would still have a vast, underdeveloped countryside, and would not equal the US in per capita income until sometime after 2075 (depending on the measures of comparison.)
9067- The self-destruction of the Congress Party has left India's government unworried by any political threat from outside its own ranks. In Russia, President Putin bestrides his country's elected Duma like Gulliver over the Lilliputians.
9068- Floods and droughts have been scourges from ancient times, yet the frequency, size, and economic impact of these disasters has grown in recent years.
9069- For over a thousand years, under Mecca's traditional rulers, the Hashemite descendants of the Prophet Muhammad, all sects debated and exchanged knowledge in the Great Mosque.
9070- Some organizations--the Council of Europe's Parliamentary Assembly and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, to cite two examples--greeted the referendum results with skepticism, citing the lack of independent foreign observers during the voting.
9071- The US should leave Iraq quickly.
9072- Few anticipated how events turned out: institutional rigidity prevented the ECB from responding in a timely manner to weaknesses in Europe's most important economy, Germany.
9073- The first made potential partners recoil in fear, the second made them shrink in confusion.
9074- It all began last autumn when German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder, desperate to hold on to power, made Iraq an issue in the German election campaign. He played on Germany's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings.
9075- Above all, the "no" votes in France and Holland -- and rising discontent in other member states, such as Germany -- are the result of the inability of national governments and the Union to respond effectively to the problems that most concern citizens.
9076- The future of Iraq, not to mention democracy there, remains uncertain at best.
9077- Not so long ago, there was jubilation that the free world and its values had prevailed in the Cold War.
9078- Sustained appreciation of a creditor country's currency against the world's dominant money is a recipe for a slowdown in economic growth, followed by eventual deflation, as Japan found in the 1990's -- with no obvious decline in its large relative trade surplus.
9079- Third, the Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) regime, which was on the brink of toppling even before North Korea's actions, is threatening to disintegrate.
9080- There are also vigorous discussions in the West about the applicability of democratic institutions to the Arab context.
9081- Those emissions were insignificant from a global or regional point of view, but oil-drenched particles will likely have adverse health effects for local inhabitants and combatants.
9082- Here on the Upper West Side, in the middle of a triangle formed by Central Park, Lincoln Center, and the Hudson River, I was once in the habit of beginning each day with an exotic act of devotion, a ritual of humility.
9083- Brain imaging studies have found that parts of the temporal lobe activate during these hallucinations.
9084- This summer, St. Petersburg (dubbed by local wits "St. Putinsburg") may see a repeat performance: Russia will preside over a G8 summit for the first time, despite increasing authoritarianism, the ongoing bloody war in Chechnya, and now support for Iran's nuclear program.
9085- Although the Communist leader, Gennady Zyuganov, accuses the Kremlin of rigging the vote, his party is--at long last--beginning to look like a spent force.
9086- Created in 2002 as a partnership between governments and civil society, the Global Fund is unique in the way it aims to deliver assistance.
9087- Russia will both derive large revenues from oil for many decades and can also play the role of an "energy stabilizer" that will be important for maintaining world peace.
9088- By the middle of the century -- unless there is a dramatic turnaround -- about half the population will be economically inactive for reasons of age.
9089- That proposal fell in two parts. He, Blair, was demonstrably more "electable," and should lead Labour in deposing the ramshackle Tory regime of John Major.
9090- Indeed, China's rulers have already stated that the new exchange-rate system will aim at maintaining currency stability.
9091- But the political reality is that China's government favors rapid growth in the short run over the structural reforms needed to sustain long-term economic performance.
9092- This would mean a depression not just for the US, but for Asia and probably Europe as well, for the US can remain the world's importer of last resort and guarantor of effective demand only as long as its domestic consumption is strong.
9093- Each year, four million babies die in their first four weeks of life -- over 10,000 deaths a day.
9094- But it cannot push the string up: if economic growth stalls, as when confidence is seriously damaged, lowering interest rates may not be enough to stimulate demand.
9095- This brings us to the need to reflect on human beings--not just the human genome--as subjects for biological research.
9096- The Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat turned him down flat and instead returned to a massive campaign of terrorism against Israel.
9097- Finally, in 1970 a splendid computer innovation enabled the proper alignment of amino acid sequences (which is vital to all subsequent data management).
9098- Finally, Hong Kong represents a test of the "one country, two systems" model proclaimed in 1997, and thus of the feasibility of China's applying the same scheme to its reunification plans for Taiwan.
9099- Unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions, peace will never be sustainable.
9100- In other words, the invasion of Iraq, and the subsequent increase in the rhetoric of democracy in the Middle East, may have changed frames of reference about the status quo.
9101- "Daughters of Africa, awake!
9102- Everything may be mocked and change meaning.
9103- Here, scientific integrity is understood not as a duty to stakeholders—funders, companies, or, as with Hwang, politicians concerned about national prestige—but as a collective responsibility that is upheld by identifying and correcting errors before they cause substantial harm.
9104- But a hardening of the mood there, and a brokered armistice between its disenchanted youth and older but vastly more experienced political war horses, will not only present PRONACO with a formidable opponent, but could throw West Africa into turmoil if matters degenerate into a frontal clash.
9105- Europe pushed to restructure its steel industry in the 1980s and early 1990s, and succeeded mostly.
9106- Remembering the Gulag
9107- Consider the issue of government procurement.
9108- In sub-Saharan Africa, both GNP per capita and wealth per capita have declined.
9109- These results, although preliminary, suggest an alternative treatment if validated in larger-scale studies.
9110- Ideally, Asian currencies would rise much more than 15% while European currencies would rise less.
9111- Instead, Hong Kong mostly vanished from the world's news radar after 1997.
9112- After the Congress, it became clear that the communist gospel was false and murderously corrupt.
9113- Banks may find that they can't get repaid during a stock market bust. Banks may then face bankruptcy, and thus severely restrict new lending.
9114- These can and must be changed before it will be possible to expand opportunities for everyone in Bolivia to become a dignified citizen, a respected worker, and a satisfied consumer.
9115- He ignored them.
9116- Which brings us back to China's greatest modern writer, Lu Xun.
9117- China claims that its power over Pyongyang is limited.
9118- These promises meant a great deal to Sharon as he faced domestic political challenges. What is needed now is a parallel letter from Bush to Abu Mazen.
9119- But, with the policy instruments for achieving these goals largely national and the arguments for applying them simultaneously in several member states weak, the EES has created unrealistic public expectations and triggered only limited action by governments.
9120- The Social Democratic movement that shaped the modern European welfare state also originated in Germany.
9121- Geographical barriers no longer provide easy protection.
9122- That is a question all of us should consider.
9123- Euro membership may become more attractive in the future.
9124- One day, when I was a teenager named Husni, my name became Ivan.
9125- Indeed, they fear that the scale of that potential crisis is becoming larger and larger.
9126- During the Cold War, the West used hard power to deter Soviet aggression, while it used soft power to erode faith in Communism behind the iron curtain.
9127- But democracy is not the only instrument for a transformation that addresses the roots of terrorism.
9128- Both sides should agree to the pre-1967 boundaries in principle, and then swap small land parcels and definitions of control (especially regarding Jerusalem) in slight and mutually convenient deviations from the 1967 boundaries.
9129- As a result, some of the poorest countries in the world are financing part of the French budget deficit.
9130- One difficulty with the British government's response is that it classifies all Muslims as just that: Muslim.
9131- Alhazen (Ibn al-Haytham) related the illusion to the flattened appearance of the dome of the sky.
9132- The human genome, they pointed out, contained a hundred times more amino acid sequences than the existing databases.
9133- But much more than that can - and should - be done to persuade young men and women not to become terrorists in the first place.
9134- One of the great flaws of Putin's presidency has been to allow law enforcement agencies to evaluate their own actions.
9135- In other words, FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries (in the football sense) to capture some of the benefits of today's higher-quality game, thereby partly reversing the "leg drain."
9136- Russia's decision to spend an extra 157 billion rubles (over $5 billion) to fight terrorism is a more impressive response than all the Kremlin's recent tough talk, including President Vladimir Putin's demand that more power be centralized in his hands.
9137- For its military power, America depends on no one; for its influence in the world, however, the US continues to depend on the acceptance of other, lesser countries.
9138- Edmund Phelps, this year's Nobel laureate in economics, has also long advocated it.
9139- Today's Russia is no longer a two-tier society.
9140- Politicians representing these voters lack experience in government, sometimes are technically unprepared for governance, and are suspicious of technocrats and bureaucrats, particularly those in Brussels.
9141- As a result, farmers in future member countries will only receive 25% of West European levels of direct payments when they join in 2004, reaching parity only in 2013.
9142- involve both elites and masses (professional associations, trade unions, NGOs, indeed all of civil society) in formulating policies.
9143- At the beginning of his first term, Schröder appeared to be a modern social democrat who understood business.
9144- Instead, world oil prices have soared to $35 per barrel.
9145- This is more likely to bring the euro down than a No vote.
9146- Curiosity betrays emotional passion.
9147- With a dismissive sneer, President Bush and his advisors are willing to let the world run great risks in order to achieve it.
9148- One Friday sermon on Palestinian TV told Muslims "to have no mercy on the Jews, no matter where you are...kill them... and those Americans who are like them."
9149- But Mexico's real obstacle is a political system unable to achieve any consensus on essential economic reforms.
9150- But she has already made clear that Germany's neighbors to the East will have no reason not feel bypassed.
9151- Even as Sánchez de Lozada was hounded from office on the streets of La Paz as an American lackey, the Bush administration showed no interest or support.
9152- These concerns are understandable; and it is particularly understandable that the new member states from Eastern Europe, who have no experience of voluntary integration--and far too much experience of involuntary integration--are apprehensive about some aspects of the draft constitution.
9153- For example, electricity workers would realize that, as consumers, their gains from lower prices throughout the economy more than compensate them for the loss of rents in their own firms.
9154- As in most of continental Europe, economic performance has been enormously disappointing over the last two decades.
9155- "Modern" behavior may have appeared in different regions and among different groups of humans, much as would happen later in history with the inventions of agriculture, writing, and transport.
9156- Alarmed that the production costs put forward by Shell were always increasing, in 1996 Nigeria's petroleum minister promised to establish a monitoring unit to scrutinize all of Shell's invoices and claims.
9157- He proposed a corporatist system, and some of his followers spoke about a "third way" between capitalism and socialism.
9158- But attacks in Iraq's "Sunni triangle" (and Baghdad in particular) occur at a rate rivaling those in Chechnya and the Niger Delta.
9159- If Europe's leaders are wise enough to choose this course, the fiasco of the French and Dutch referendums will prove to have been useful after all.
9160- This is because Cyprus remains a divided island.
9161- In his protracted moment of death, Yasir Arafat performed his last act of duty to the Palestinian cause to which he devoted his entire life. Everything about the man was, indeed, protracted.
9162- If some countries, say, Japan and China, insist on running huge surpluses year after year, then other countries must run deficits.
9163- The US, for example, agreed to sugar imports that equal 1% of the total US market. That figure can grow only to 1.4% over the next 15 years.
9164- In some parts of the Islamic world, most notably in the Arabian peninsula, the fertility rate remains very high.
9165- The US Congress, for example, defines terrorism as including a motive to coerce or intimidate a population or influence a government.
9166- Such cooperation is essential because today's terrorism is markedly more lethal and difficult to manage than earlier versions.
9167- But the expert concluded that, despite the alarming number of missiles, they did not constitute a ``buildup.''
9168- Similarly, at the Securities and Exchange Commission, Bush appointed in the person of Harvey Pitt a fox to guard the chickens - until public outrage forced Pitt's resignation.
9169- When Germany sneezes, Europe catches a cold.
9170- From the right, the consensus acknowledges that currently there is no Palestinian partner for real peace.
9171- Similarly, it was not Putin who enacted a constitution with an enormously powerful presidential government and a weak system of checks and balances, nor did he start the slaughter in Chechnya. The Yeltsin regime was not so much democratic as anarchic and oligarchic.
9172- With risks to the current global expansion increasing, this is the wrong time to let an obvious and sustained source of growth slip away.
9173- Charity responds to attention-grabbing events, often neglecting less sensational disasters.
9174- Similarly, a higher electoral threshold for winning seats should counter vote buying by candidates.
9175- Modern media played a role, too, broadcasting images of the death camps that immediately came to symbolize the depth of Nazi depravity.
9176- Their quest for mythic, messianic, transnational movements of liberation remains the same, as does the enemy: America's imperial colossus.
9177- And the means, however "boring." must be appropriate to realizing this commitment: a combination of sustainable retirement systems, better designed unemployment benefit systems, negative income taxes, training programs, and the like.
9178- In the fields of both law and politics, I have consistently and clearly supported the principle of non-discrimination.
9179- Adopting children from developing countries does not address the causes of poverty.
9180- Everyone knows that reform of the farm policy is overdue by several decades; and reform means cutting farm subsidies.
9181- Treason is dead, or it might be just aborning.
9182- The list of issues on which Europe and America now hold deeply different views is longer than it has been in a generation.
9183- Such reforms can work only if the big member states do not succumb to the temptation to use these mechanisms to bypass or ride roughshod over the interests of the small countries.
9184- Now there are none.
9185- Thus, economic inequality is felt differently in today's world.
9186- In the elections, Hamas received its dividend for doing what the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority failed to do.
9187- The Pact came after the pogroms of "Kristallnacht" in Germany, so its Soviet initiators knew pretty well to what destiny they were consigning the Jews of Poland and Lithuania, which, in accord with the first secret Protocol signed by Ribbentrop and Molotov on August 23, 1939, were to go to Hitler.
9188- From the mid-1990s until very recently, the dollar strengthened sharply against European currencies.
9189- Outside Africa, the people who will suffer the most are those in countries like Brazil, India, China, and Mexico, whose leaders rightly took on rich-country farm subsidies, but wrongly failed to recognize the profound costs of the developing world's own import restrictions.
9190- So why is Argentina in such deep trouble?
9191- Blockages to world trade jeopardize global economic development.
9192- The bad news is that financial capital is moving abroad to finance other overblown conglomerates.
9193- No other country can offer its international clients such a broad variety of industrial products.
9194- Historically, the resilience of family firms was rooted in the fact that they were good at managing trust when other institutions - the state or the market - were shaky.
9195- As we open ourselves to the wind's of globalization, we must also strengthen the local institutions that foster social ties and identity, such as the family, local and regional communities, religious communities, and the tradition of voluntary worker solidarity - all which have been neglected in recent years.
9196- Indeed, the economic effects of a second war against Iraq would probably be far more adverse.
9197- The Hong Kong meeting of the Doha Round of trade negotiations has left a palpable sense of frustration in the developing world over the slow pace of agricultural liberalization agreed to by the rich countries.
9198- Among Sunnis, only 23% thought so.
9199- English is a lingua franca like Latin.
9200- Defeating Insurgency
9201- So Iraqis better prepare for an even more brutal dose.
9202- Foreign investors will be able to invest in an African labor force no longer shattered by disease.
9203- Of course, it is easier to determine these constraints after the fact.
9204- Thus, Russia sells high-technology weapons, including bombers, submarines, and perhaps an aircraft carrier, to China, which not only shares the world's longest border with Russia, but also disputes parts of that border.
9205- Translating mutual recognition of this into reality will require intellectual honesty and political investment on both sides of the Atlantic.
9206- The demands of solidarity are even more difficult to sustain when they require inter-state redistribution.
9207- But is friendship imaginable without candor?
9208- It is conceivable that the swarm of small new member states may revert to the traditional and logical predisposition towards federalism.
9209- In a few decades, when China's economy equals America's in size, the winner will be hard to pick.
9210- But the Kyoto rules will make an almost imperceptible difference (postponing temperature increases from 2100 to 2106) at a substantial cost (about $150 billion per year).
9211- Think of Charlie Chaplin's film Modern Times , in which the little tramp is literally a cog in the capitalist machine.
9212- And why is it directed at Japan?
9213- So, what alternative does the market see?
9214- But few saw, for instance, the Artic ice cap melting as rapidly as now seems to be the case.
9215- But fiscal consolidation requires strong economic performance, which depends on foreign investment.
9216- Finally, has the enormous increase in prescriptions of anti-depressive drugs, and the greater availability of short-term psychotherapies, self-help manuals, and Internet support, had any positive impact on health?
9217- Neutrals, like Finland and Austria, are opposed to plans for closer defense cooperation.
9218- Many of these disorders were once thought to be rare, even non-existent.
9219- Poland's new government faces several serious challenges, not the least of which will be to reconcile its liberal and populist tendencies.
9220- China remains obsessed with investing -- construction of factories and infrastructure accounted for 41% of GDP and around half of economic growth in 2005.
9221- The second set of issues has to do with the conditions envisaged at the end of whatever action is taken.
9222- The international community's challenge will be to help ensure that the political space claimed by the Kenyan public remains open.
9223- Even Peru's most important newspaper, El Comercio , recently suggested that Toledo resign, leaving his first minister and cabinet to run the government.
9224- But it is also the responsibility of the government to prepare a detailed and realistic policy aimed at securing the necessary level of defense capability in the event of unforeseen threats.
9225- Israel will complete its defensive security fence and strike back against terrorists and those who fire missiles at Israeli civilian targets.
9226- Parliamentary supremacy, one of the key issues in any country's democratization, appears to be at hand in Kuwait.
9227- An uprising in Poland and the far more tumultuous Hungarian Revolution argued for the opposite.
9228- Indeed, after the hostage crisis in the Dubrovka Theater in Moscow in 2002, the same sort of harsh words flowed, but no extra money was spent.
9229- There is a simple fact on display here, one that goes well beyond this particular hurricane, and even this particular president.
9230- Perhaps one day it will take place.
9231- But, while preaching free market doctrines abroad, the US bails out its airlines and increases agricultural subsidies at home.
9232- But it will be no panacea.
9233- Argentina and the Soft Underbelly of Hard Money déjà vu : faced with sudden capital outflows, efforts to defend exchange rates pegged to foreign currencies (usually the US dollar) proved futile.
9234- After all, the social sciences historically offered empirical support and spiritual hope for just such reforms, which are increasingly dismissed as "utopian."
9235- You cannot build lasting future relations between countries that have each in their own way suffered so much, without coming to terms with the past.
9236- This came as a relief for the Bush administration, which claims to have given as much as its "budgetary processes" allow.
9237- Similarly, Milton Friedman's panegyrics to pure capitalism seemed curiously out of place during the heyday of the social democratic age, the 1960's.
9238- Rather than bolstering its military occupation, the US should leave Iraq, allowing the UN to continue its mission.
9239- Examples of this include the decisions to veto the merger between Airtours and First Choice, and also between Tetra Laval and Sidel - decisions that where based on dubious arguments and were eventually reversed by the European Court of Justice, with serious damage to the Commission's credibility.
9240- The third possibility -- military action endorsed by a small group of states -- should be avoided, for practical, legal, and moral reasons.
9241- When Bill Gates donated $1 billion to bring vaccines to poor children, he made it possible to protect tens of millions of young people from preventable diseases.
9242- How should it be judged by those attempting to end the practice of exempting from punishment government officials guilty of monstrous crimes?
9243- On other occasions, protests such as May Day marches were transformed into widespread social mobilization, as happened in France on May 1, 1968.
9244- What countries must do to join the World Trade Organization is precisely what they must do to become productive and democratic: accept the rule of law, reduce corruption, and become open, accountable, and transparent.
9245- It appears that the selection of the new IMF managing director will be no more open than the last.
9246- Countries whose policies and economies are out of balance should change their policies, thereby restoring balance: "deficit countries should reduce the rate of growth of domestic spending below that of domestic production.
9247- But that political strategy left President Bush believing that Schröder had stabbed him in the back.
9248- Our only defenses against a hostile world were primitive stone tools and fire - a minimal kind of protection at best.
9249- This decentralized delivery of goods relies on employees working for two weeks before receiving a paycheck, companies offering each other lines of credit, and banks offering bridge loans.
9250- The war against Iraq in 1991 is the leading example of military intervention following global consensus.
9251- At the time, foreign assistance was about 0.5% of rich-country income.
9252- It is a test of wills and it will be won or lost in the court of global public opinion.
9253- And yet the interesting information resided in the translated DNA sequences, that is, their protein equivalents.
9254- Even in the more prosperous countries of Central and Eastern Europe, Roma poverty is strikingly high--sometimes more than ten times that of non-Roma.
9255- Getting such patients to accept being put into a control group where no acupuncture is applied is almost impossible.
9256- Naturally, several qualifications apply.
9257- But Blair inexplicably chose to compound the mistake he had made with Brown, by announcing publicly, after having defeated the Tories for the third straight time, that he would not stand again.
9258- But both countries now place a premium on extending their economic interdependence.
9259- That, at least, is how the system is supposed to work in theory.
9260- The deadline extension that it passed was in keeping with both the spirit and the letter of the TAL.
9261- An alternative scenario suggests that these fears emanate from a real problem.
9262- Cradle of Contradictions
9263- Reporters are not entitled to so twist the facts as to reinvent them.
9264- We are good at estimating how well we know simple facts (such as the capitals of countries), procedures (such as how to make an international phone call), and narratives (such as the plots of well-known movies).
9265- Africa's enormous energy potential remains vastly under exploited.
9266- As a result, tensions between the police, who are increasingly perceived as "outsiders," and residents have grown to all-time highs.
9267- Moreover, EU governments decided that all these countries, like those in Central and Eastern Europe, are legitimate candidates for membership in the EU.
9268- The good news is that there are many ways by which improved incentives could reduce emissions -- partly by eliminating the myriad of subsidies for inefficient usages.
9269- Mr. Zhu told the assembled Communist leadership that he had fulfilled the first promise: many of China's public corporations had become profitable private entities or had been shut down.
9270- Another mark against the notion of Islam's overwhelming power to determine a society's prevailing conditions.
9271- The great paradox is that their view of economics was so stilted, so ideologically driven, that they failed even in their narrower objective of bringing about economic growth.
9272- But, as the next generation takes control in China, this will change.
9273- Indeed, there are no practical reasons for Russia's current system of governance to fall into crisis (although such reasons may emerge in the event of an economic downturn).
9274- Nor is it a response to the present violent deadlock in the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations: some of Osama bin Laden's terrorist acts against American targets in the mid-1990's, it should be recalled, occurred at the height of the Israeli-Palestinian honeymoon that followed the Oslo agreements of l993.
9275- The fact that both members of a couple have an income, and the autonomy that comes with work, produces an equality that is rarely seen in heterosexual Mexican marriage.
9276- A Panel of Eminent Persons and a Secretariat to oversee the process is now in place.
9277- For, contrary to what is often said in America's Congress, Europe already bears the lion's share of the peacekeeping burden (let alone reconstruction aid) in the Balkans.
9278- What about the hard working and fast-growing South Koreans?
9279- At the same time, Friedman believed that even when the market equilibrium was not the utilitarian social-welfare optimum, and even when government could be used to improve matters from a utilitarian point of view, there was still an additional value in letting human freedom have the widest berth possible.
9280- Patient depositors no longer need to worry about others withdrawing their funds because it has no effect on them.
9281- Containment is hardly a relic of the Cold War.
9282- Because both India and China did increase trade substantially, they are both considered as globalizers by the World Bank's criterion.
9283- People can easily become lost in today's ocean of information.
9284- And only such a new institutional structure could respond to that deep cry for dignity.
9285- Even the IMF now recognizes that capital market liberalization has delivered neither growth nor stability to many developing countries.
9286- Containment against Libya was not appeasement. It should have been the model in Iraq, as it now should be the model in Iran.
9287- Today, Russia's army has no professional institution for training non-commissioned officers.
9288- Most are elite organizations with narrow membership bases.
9289- In San Martín Jilotepeque, villagers were rounded up by Guatemala's military, forced to cook for soldiers and dig pits in the earth.
9290- Working with Russia, the EU, and the UN, the US developed a roadmap designed to take us in stages toward this goal.
9291- Indeed, the Party's worst fears were realized this past March just before the 15th anniversary of the Tiananmen Massacre.
9292- Moreover, we are now experiencing a fundamental change in expectations about oil prices: not only are today's prices quite high in real terms by historical standards, but the futures markets indicate that prices are expected to remain high for years to come.
9293- "If things are left as they are," writes Watanabe, "a skewed perception of history -- without knowledge of the horrors of the war -- will be handed down to future generations."
9294- As for Pinochet himself, ever since July 2004, when the US Senate revealed his vast secret bank accounts, the once-powerful dictator has become a pariah.
9295- Establishing a large, standing international force under the UN's control is not feasible and may not be optimal.
9296- If such research is truly to serve the public good, the safety, health, and dignity of human subjects should not be compromised.
9297- A vibrant civil society will mobilize when the rule of law is violated, and it can also check the illiberal inclinations of democratic majorities.
9298- The day after the second set of bombings in Istanbul, I took a taxi to the bombed British Consulate. The obvious topic of conversation as the horrors of the bombing, but the driver, while polite, was unresponsive.
9299- This is a key theme of the report, entitled Corruption in Egypt: A Black Cloud That Never Passes.
9300- Meanwhile, there should be no backsliding on the progress already made, such as the offer to eliminate agricultural export subsidies by 2013 and to provide duty-free/quota-free access for almost all exports from least developed countries.
9301- Iran, however, depends on oil.
9302- The strategy that emerges will be only as strong as these assumptions are accurate. 
9303- This can provide considerable stability--indeed, the second half of the 20th century saw only four German firms succumb to hostile takeovers--but at the cost of reducing access to finance and curtailing future opportunities.
9304- Major infrastructure investments will also be needed if the economy is to be revived.
9305- One new idea that seemed hot a few years ago is "wage insurance."
9306- We know, of course, the broad outline of their all-encompassing fundamentalism, and we have some vague ideas about Al Qaeda as a decentralized network of cells in many countries that seeks to acquire chemical, biological, and perhaps even nuclear weapons.
9307- Moscow will understand a policy based on mutual respect for each other's interests better than simple appeals to goodwill and friendship.
9308- They occurred despite a tripling of the population, which put extraordinary Malthusian pressure on the economy underlying natural resource base, and despite the mobilization of an unprecedented proportion of national income for nearly a century of intensive war against France, a power with three times Britain's population.
9309- But today's political parties and politicians are so well known that Polish politics is boring us to sleep.
9310- Hardly.
9311- If everyone is affected by longevity risk in the same way, then no matter what the price of a longevity bond, everyone should logically want to be on the same side of the contracts -- all buyers at one price, all issuers at another.
9312- This is the strategy that most EU countries, Germany in particular, have chosen.
9313- This is not entirely Russia's fault; but now the dialogue will have to be restarted, practically from scratch.
9314- Under an agreement between the United Nations and Cambodia's government, 13 foreign judges and prosecutors have now been chosen to serve alongside 17 Cambodian counterparts.
9315- The key is practicality, boldness, and, most importantly, a commitment by those who are better off to volunteer their time and money to bring practical help -- in the form of high-yield seeds, fertilizers, medicines, bed nets, drinking wells, and materials to build school rooms and clinics—to the world's poorest people.
9316- "With Iran, we realized that mastery of the fuel cycle makes you a virtual nuclear weapons state," a top aide to El-Baradei told me.
9317- You think I am crazy?
9318- When the Berlin Wall fell in 1989, hammers and bulldozers, not artillery, brought it down.
9319- Modeled after the NSF, it would augment the science foundations of individual European countries, creating a much larger research organization - one that draws from a larger pool of proposals.
9320- Most pronounced have been disagreements over how to deal with what the US terms "rogue actors" -- Iran, North Korea, Syria, Libya, and Saddam Hussein's Iraq.
9321- This would reduce the probability of crises while putting in place mechanisms for cost-sharing should they occur.
9322- These realistic talks set the pattern for the new partnership.
9323- Despite the dominance of the Iraq story, China is back in the headlines, with the country excoriated for its evasiveness about the SARS epidemic, and praised for its suddenly constructive role in helping to bring about negotiations between the US and North Korea, over North Korea's nuclear insubordination.
9324- That is why hurricanes occur in hot tropical regions, and at the end of the summer months, when the sea surface temperatures are at their annual maximum.
9325- The talks bogged down over agriculture, where subsidies and trade restrictions remain so much higher than in manufacturing.
9326- It would be easy and virtually costless.
9327- Why are some of the world's most advanced economies--France, Germany, Italy, and Japan--suffering stagnant growth and high unemployment?
9328- Even now, the Swahili dialect of Mombasa is called Ki-mvita, and its people coined the proverb "Ndovu wawili wakipigana, ziumiazo na nyasi" [When two elephants fight, it is the grass that suffers].
9329- For example, rich countries should reduce agricultural subsidies and open up their markets more to Third World food exports.
9330- Only politics, not arms, can calm the scene. 
9331- The answer to all these questions, of course, is: "No, we cannot."
9332- Perhaps this particular attack can be justified on those grounds.
9333- America is certainly not alone in failing to promote the international goals adopted in the UN.
9334- That August, construction workers in Qiqihar mistakenly ruptured mustard gas canisters left from the wartime Japanese occupation, injuring dozens and killing at least one.
9335- Like any country, Ukraine's relations with the world are determined by four interlocking factors: history, patriotism, national interests, and geography.
9336- Indeed, Article 22 of that charter reveals that Hamas views the Jews (together with the Freemasons and other nefarious organizations like Rotary International and the Lions Club), as responsible for the French and Bolshevik Revolutions, World War I, and World War II.
9337- Today the situation is more complex.
9338- If every rich country contributed around one-tenth of 1% of its national income, or roughly 1 cent for every $10 dollars earned, the result would be $25 billion a year that could be used to save the lives of millions of the world's poor.
9339- Something essential, however, is missing: NATO's spirit.
9340- Together we shall build this common future, and to move toward this goal, the discussions in Copenhagen will focus on three questions.
9341- In China, despite some signs of weakness -- the Shanghai market is down, for example -- price growth is still robust in much of the country.
9342- As a result, certain groups of neurons, such as those responsible for producing and perceiving language, may begin to function autonomously, beyond the control or influence of other brain systems.
9343- The central bias of this toolkit is that we should trust the market to solve the problems we set it, and that we should not expect small (or even large) changes to have huge effects.
9344- But it occurred to me that even if one could map 30,000 genotypes, why would one work on a mouse?
9345- But the UN is not likely to reform itself from within.
9346- A recent poll shows that Afghans overwhelmingly favor their country's new direction -- backing the participation of women in public life and international intervention against al Qaeda, the Taliban, and the drug economy.
9347- But the EU's posture as a protector of linguistic diversity cannot hide the stampede toward English that is underway.
9348- Even though many, including myself, do not see it as an optimal final solution, it is an important compromise that will allow eurozone enlargement to start.
9349- Without that prospect, no candidate country would go through the painful process of adopting the tens of thousands of rules and regulations contained in the Acquis Communautaire (the body of EU law).
9350- In some areas, decentralization works because it recognizes diverse local or national communities.
9351- UBS, the Swiss banking group, prices a standard basket of 111 goods and services in various cities around the world.
9352- CNN reported it "neither equitable nor free."
9353- But the chief culprit is France's own labor code -- a forest of regulations that offers the strongest employment protection anywhere in the world.
9354- The fifteenth anniversary of the Velvet Revolution on November 17, 1989, which brought an end to 41 years of communist dictatorship in Czechoslovakia, is an opportunity to ponder the meaning of moral behavior and free action.
9355- James Wolfensohn, the president of the World Bank, has announced his intention to leave, and the search is on for a new head of the world's most important multilateral organization promoting development.
9356- As a candidate country, Turkey will, of course, be treated like all other candidate countries, and it will be important to send a clear signal to the Turkish people confirming their belief in the perspective of membership and a future based on Western and European values.
9357- Why do equal citizenship rights not achieve their purpose?
9358- The EU will continue to be governed under the Nice Treaty of 2000, but this leaves no room for further political integration (or enlargement), nor does it ensure the effective functioning of the Union's institutions.
9359- Second, the UN ought to make good on its threat and impose sanctions against the Sudanese government unless it stops using its aircraft to destroy villages and unless it stops supporting the jangaweed.
9360- These underlying issues seem all the more important because the Internet has for several years been groaning with evidence of the crisis to come.
9361- Moreover, if global warming continues unchecked, the number of deaths that occur when rainfall becomes more erratic, causing both prolonged droughts and severe floods, will dwarf the death toll from hot weather in Europe.
9362- This scapegoating of globalization reflects another key problem. Successive governments, not companies, are responsible for the most damaging outsourcing in France -- that of responsibility.
9363- The Fragility of a Flat World
9364- Survival of the Weakest
9365- The winner was the Justice and Development Party.
9366- Electrification for the rural poor has improved in South Africa and Ghana through the creation of independent agencies in charge of implementing rural electrification plans.
9367- The policy differences over America's Iraq adventure exacerbated the crisis, but also obscured its true cause.
9368- There has also been an impressive outpouring of private support by American charities and non-profit organizations.
9369- So what, then, does "disproportionate force" mean, and what is its place in the law of war?
9370- The advent of nanotechnology, the branch of engineering that seeks to build objects molecule by molecule -- indeed, atom by atom -- has evoked futuristic images of self-replicating "nanobots" that perform surgery, or that convert the planet into a mass of "grey goo" as they consume everything in sight.
9371- They are now in no position to challenge him as the champions of the opposition within Likud.
9372- He was equally indifferent to his people's material welfare and anything particular about the design of a viable political and economic system.
9373- The logic of Russia's presidential regime dictates that only the leader is permitted to control political institutions.
9374- By contrast the Enron affair involved impropriety and perhaps criminal conduct of just about anyone coming close to management.
9375- The launch of the war on terror provided Mahathir with another opportunity to recover politically.
9376- The dollar, to which Argentina's peso was tied, increased sharply in value.
9377- But what Russia needs is political parties that stand for something other than their boss's will.
9378- In the US, union failure to represent members' interests adequately contributed to a major pension default at the Studebaker Corporation in 1963.
9379- But if we believe that -- if we put a lid on history and leave it behind us -- we run a risk that history will resurrect itself with all its horrors.
9380- Far more Tanzanians than Americans were killed and wounded when the US Embassy in Dar es Salaam was targeted at the same time.
9381- As politicians in the West compare him to Mugabe or Mussolini, Putin's Kremlin aides invoke the Munich appeasers who tried to push Hitler eastward.
9382- The global economic system was buoyant and East Asia, not least post-Maoist China, was more deeply committed than anyone expected to support that system.
9383- If the world fails to mitigate future climate change, the effects of rising temperatures, increasing droughts, more numerous and severe tropical storms, rising sea levels, and a spread of tropical diseases will pose huge threats to the entire planet.
9384- Cross-country evidence shows that the size of public redistributive spending increases with the degree of proportionality in the electoral system.
9385- A war that pits America against the world could call into doubt the progress of globalization, particularly international trade negotiations.
9386- Here are five such truths, or at any rate, five issues for debate:
9387- Perhaps surprisingly for many, such differences were not played out according to the expected script, in which the new members would be ruthlessly pragmatic, and demanding as much EU money as they could get, while most Western countries would in the end tone down their national egoism in favor of the decades-old ideals of European integration.
9388- Private sector providers, including NGOs and charities, could be awarded contracts on a competitive basis.
9389- But the investor in the developing country who figures out that an existing good can be produced profitably at home and sets up a model for others to emulate does not normally get such protection, even though the social returns can be high.
9390- Perhaps no one knew or could know how much suffering would lie ahead, how vast the sacrifice would be, and how great the difference would be between the dream and the reality.
9391- It also requires making sure that the person in charge gets the staff assistance and the political backing required to do the job well.
9392- 
9393- But the three countries that prospective members can be compared to may be outside the eurozone.
9394- As a result, wealthy Middle Easterners, for example, invest their capital in developed countries, not at home;
9395- The Cultural Bias of Genetics
9396- The super-flexible US economy keeps managing to produce more with less.
9397- With the arrest of Russia's richest man, oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, Russia has lurched into a deep political crisis.
9398- United Kingdom
9399- If Tony Blair ever believed any of this, he was a fool.
9400- Put a Texas oilman and his buddies in charge and what do you expect, conservation?
9401- Those who made it on "merit" now want to have everything else as well -- not just power and money, but also the opportunity to determine who gets in and who stays out.
9402- As a first step in this struggle, the World Psychiatric Association and national professional bodies should demand direct access to the Ankang network and other places of psychiatric incarceration.
9403- If the EU becomes used to that idea--beyond fair institutional arrangements that take into account demographic differences--the process of European unification will lose its legitimacy.
9404- Macroeconomic policy can never be devoid of politics: it involves fundamental trade-offs and affects different groups differently.
9405- While I am sure you will insist that you are going to follow in the political legacy of Sharon, you have some important advantages with Palestinians that Sharon did not have.
9406- Public opinion matters, and Russia's elite knows it.
9407- This raises troubling questions about the region's industrial trajectory.
9408- Every shred of evidence we've accumulated over the past 30 years of academic and policy research, all the experience of our development efforts, confirm what our pioneering ancestors knew innately: education for all our children--poor, rich, white, black, boys, girls--means healthier babies, stronger families, wealthier economies, and more vibrant democracies.
9409- But the urge for knowledge that drives inborn curiosity to transcend given horizons does not remain uncurbed.
9410- Despite this nostalgic policymaking, enactment by the Supreme Rada (Ukraine's Parliament) of civil, criminal, land, family and economic legal codes over the years was something of a near revolution.
9411- Insurers must also be attentive to a wide array of possible moral hazards -- perverse incentives to risky behavior -- and to problems of selection bias in attracting clients.
9412- Luckily, there has never been a better time for the West--particularly the EU--to nudge Ukraine back from the brink.
9413- In 1998, investors poured money into Russia not because of the underlying strength of that economy, but because of confidence that Washington would rescue them.
9414- 
9415- This lesson is lost on the Bush administration, which senselessly alienated Iran in 2002, when moderates had the upper hand there and were cooperating in Afghanistan, and reversed decades of US policy by insisting that any Middle East settlement must accept changed "realities on the ground" in the West Bank.
9416- In the Philippines, the diagnosis is complicated by the fact that terrorists are embedded in a volatile Muslim insurgency with which the West has no quarrel.
9417- So the US should avoid the misleading metaphor of empire as a guide to its foreign policy.
9418- Indeed, it could be the cornerstone of a new program for the next Secretary General of the Organization of American States, who is to be elected in the coming weeks.
9419- Before the Great Leap Forward, townships could barely afford a few full-time cadres.
9420- In Lebanon, the danger of one community monopolizing power over others is avoided because the Lebanese constitution imposes permanent power-sharing arrangements on all major communities.
9421- When validation experiments were performed that compared the DNA from one "normal, healthy" individual with the DNA from another "normal, healthy" individual, we were astonished to find an average of 12 DNA fragments that showed copy number differences between the two individuals being compared. These became known as copy number variants, or CNVs.
9422- This process does not occur in a historical vacuum, devoid of the influence of powerful social and political factors.
9423- But no one, it seems, will stop this rich continent from living with slow growth, high unemployment, and inefficient markets.
9424- In Europe, promising young researchers struggle and have to supplement teaching and research with outside jobs, while established professors earn good salaries.
9425- The big changes are in hurricanes' intensity and duration.
9426- Although few accuse Asian central banks of explicitly conspiring to calm global markets, some say that their common cautious approach to trading is a form of implicit collusion.
9427- While free to convert to Islam, they were forbidden to convert Muslims or marry their women.
9428- According to the World Bank's "Investment Climate Surveys", 27% of nearly 4,000 firms doing business in China in 2002-03 described corruption as a "major constraint" on their commercial operations, while 55% reported that they had paid bribes to government bureaucrats and/or local business partners to get things done.
9429- If you wish to join the club, you must do the same. The reforms will be painful, vested interests will resist, but with enough political will, you will reap the benefits.
9430- Lithuania has faced the same problem since 1998, when Russia's financial crisis forced it to re-orient exports to the European Union, only to lose competitiveness when the euro sank against the dollar.
9431- During the Cold War, Western intelligence agencies developed an immense catalogue of indicators and correlations.
9432- If Turkey is serious about joining the European family, it must recognize the Republic of Cyprus -- like any other member state.
9433- If his aim is a government in Beirut that takes into account Syria's genuine security concerns, Israel can live with that.
9434- In other words, pain may begin with a neural message of tissue injury or disease, but it is the end product of complex events within the brain.
9435- Some have suggested that the Iraq war proved the UN's irrelevance.
9436- On terrorism, Russia was the first country to host an official Hamas delegation after the Palestinian elections, and it continues to crush Chechen terror and resistance with methods that would bring it to an international court, were it not a Security Council member.
9437- The motivation of the candidates who will join in 2004 is analogous.
9438- Saudi Arabia is just as eager to contain the Iranian threat and the growing "Shi'a crescent" that, with the empowerment of the Shi'a in Iraq, has moved westward to begin to include the Shi'a regions of the Kingdom.
9439- Here are the facts: Charleroi was a small dusty airport with less than 200,000 passengers per year.
9440- Those of us who believe in a multidimensional culture will be grateful to him for his enormous efforts, thus for his "catholicism" in the original sense of the word, his all-embracing concerns.
9441- This makes for an interesting relationship between Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
9442- The war on terror has shown us the dangers that can arise from the social frustrations that often result.
9443- Much the same thing happens today.
9444- But democracies exist across the developing world, and their voters have even more legitimate concerns about the jobs that result from liberalization.
9445- The Relative Unimportance of Global Warming
9446- But what still needs to be explained is the timing of Japan's boom and bust over the last 15 years, as well as the reasons for the duration of the country's ongoing slump.
9447- In the last two decades, the world as a whole has gotten richer, but, while some national economies have advanced sharply, others have fallen farther behind.
9448- We may have moments of fear in the days ahead, but we must never let despair overwhelm us.
9449- For them, the old world of traditional ties and customs is gone, but the new world of modernity remains out of reach.
9450- A recent study of 123 developing countries by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), shows that median inflation between 1975-1996 was consistently lower and less volatile in countries with fixed exchange rates.
9451- Chancellor Gerhard Schröder of Germany liked the idea so much that he is now thinking of setting up his own Convention to review Germany's constitutional arrangements.
9452- Is this its own form of "clashing civilizations."
9453- At the upcoming Commission on Narcotics meeting in April, UN member states will have an opportunity to reassess the effectiveness of the 1998 Plan of Action.
9454- To be a traitor you must first have a duty to be loyal.
9455- Fish soon became contaminated, as did migratory birds.
9456- But for the last three centuries, China has had no global maritime strategy, nor has it possessed -- or sought to possess -- naval forces capable of supporting such a strategy.
9457- Ireland's Second, and Last, Chance
9458- So obviously Spain and Poland do not want to give up their voting privileges there.
9459- With American backing, Israeli bombs and missiles rained down on Lebanon.
9460- In exchange for France guaranteeing the CFA franc's convertibility, these countries agreed to deposit 65% of their foreign exchange reserves in a special account within the French Treasury and granted to France a veto over the franc zone's monetary policy whenever this special account was overdrawn.
9461- On top of Argentina's bestseller list is The Myths of Argentine History, Volume Two .
9462- On every previous occasion, member states preferred compromise to rupture.
9463- Shockingly, the US is now spending around $4 billion per month to station its troops in Iraq, while at the same time President Bush fights like crazy to keep America's contribution to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, TB, and Malaria to no more than $200 million for an entire year.
9464- But the expansion of business schools arguably testifies to the continued vitality of the social sciences.
9465- Talk about occupying Iraq for eighteen months or so is intriguing but insufficient.
9466- Europe, Asia, and, increasingly, Latin America, are showing that regional integration provides the healthiest path to development.
9467- As part of the price for his release, Chiang recognized the Communists as legitimate.
9468- Polls in the Muslim world show that American culture remains attractive to the moderate majority.
9469- Similarly, so-called "Social Funds," whereby communities design projects and compete for money, have enhanced participation and "ownership" of development projects.
9470- It is imperative that environmental factors figure in China's macroeconomic planning in a real way.
9471- OPEC governments, among the most vulnerable to this crisis, should readily accede to this kind of international commitment.
9472- Where bombs and timers were once heavy and expensive, plastic explosives and digital timers are light and cheap.
9473- In exile, I immediately identified with another capital of Dada, the "cosmic republic, that speaks all languages in a universal dialect," as Johannes Baader put it.
9474- The ruling PSD (Social Democrat) government is efficient, but has a worrying record of corruption, non-transparency, and of using its power to influence judicial decisions.
9475- The women and children whose limbs Taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to his brutality, and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in West Africa unless the man who unleashed these conflicts is stopped.
9476- If not, phases three and four will be completed by other means.
9477- In cases of extreme rights abuses, the chance that an international criminal tribunal will ultimately sit in judgment of those principally responsible is growing, thereby becoming a deterrent to would-be tyrants elsewhere.
9478- Hong Kong remains a rich and prosperous place.
9479- If the US would pursue politics rather than war, it would understand that more development spending and a commercial approach to Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, rather than the current military approach, would best serve American interests.
9480- Although these policies have undoubtedly helped residents of disadvantaged neighborhoods, they have not been sufficiently ambitious to dampen resentment.
9481- The Kyoto Treaty on controlling climate change was, as Harvard professor Rob Stavins puts it, "too little, too fast."
9482- But they go no further: Castro is fine for photo opportunities, but not for policy advice.
9483- Iran's theocratic regime appears more confident than ever.
9484- The 1979 revolution, which ended Iran's monarchical tradition, created a new political order based on Shiite theological foundations and giving absolute ruling power to a Shiite jurist/cleric.
9485- Now consider fiscal policy. The baroque structure of US government has always been hostile to the effective exercise of fiscal policy.
9486- So we will resist the temptation of revenge and retribution.
9487- But then the NASDAQ index fell 22% over the following year, although the Fed continued to cut interest rates aggressively.
9488- But one thing is certain: Europe cannot afford other "distractions."
9489- Scandinavia's Accounting Trick
9490- Possessing the people will give him the territory.
9491- Everywhere, people face the contradiction between centrifugal, cosmopolitan modernity and the centripetal need (or at least nostalgia) for belonging.
9492- Whether or not the crisis of European solidarity is real is a fundamental question, because the EU will not survive without solidarity, at least not as we know it.
9493- The international community has agreed on a set of modest goals for global development - reducing poverty and illiteracy and improving health.
9494- The same disproportionate patterns of school assignment exist throughout much of Central and Eastern Europe.
9495- Sešelj was also the only major politician who spoke about the plight of the unemployed and the soon-to-be-unemployed, of the refugees and the homeless, and of the poor.
9496- At long last, the age of General Augusto Pinochet in Chile is over.
9497- The Refugee Dilemma
9498- On the contrary, he was unanimously re-elected and awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
9499- · Be coherent and consistent. Human rights cannot be defended if antiterrorism activities fail to respect the rule of law.
9500- But, for many of those who imagine relaxing in a place that offers a quaint life of undisturbed beauty, there is a strong risk that prices will rise out of reach in future decades.
9501- Between falling oil prices, aggressive fiscal and monetary policies, and the dollar's depreciation, it is hard to see what stands in the way of a strong recovery in the US.
9502- As it is, the valuation of a country's currency is not so much determined by the performance of its economy as by the forces of supply and demand on foreign-exchange markets.
9503- Our Energy Future
9504- Both groups' demand is inherently ephemeral.
9505- In agriculture, it protects the world's rich farmers by stifling opportunity for the poor, at a cost of some $280 billion a year to taxpayers and consumers.
9506- Islam's Reformist Tradition
9507- More than anything else, Hamas's success in the coming months will be measured by its response to these issues.
9508- Harsh new domestic laws in many countries have not only failed to control the spread of drugs throughout the world, but have delivered a vast new source of state intrusiveness into the lives of millions of people.
9509- That trauma burns even deeper among Russia's rulers, where it has generated a powerful and persistent psychological complex.
9510- Inflation no longer threatens anyone's savings.
9511- It is unlikely that European schools, because of their structure, can be invaded by "creationism."
9512- America should take note.
9513- All of these factors place deep stresses on the social fabric which, so the skeptics argue, will ultimately play out in the political arena.
9514- Will America's economy grasp its opportunity to grow rapidly over the next year?
9515- They have positioned themselves as a great power on the left, with a central position in the European Socialist Party, offering an alternative to the prescriptions of New Labour and the SPD.
9516- Many hope that the SARS crisis will encourage China's leaders to become more transparent and accountable.
9517- Such a Europe is better placed to contribute to a fairer international order than the narrow, bitter Europe the xenophobes have in mind.
9518- The day-to-day lives -- and livelihoods -- of Palestinians need immediate improvement.
9519- Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania reemerged from Soviet occupation.
9520- But if officials falsified 10%, 20%, or even 30% of the ballots--and no one suggests such a level of fraud--the vote in favor of the constitution would still amount to an overwhelming majority of Chechnya's population.
9521- In the near future, the US government will be focused on homeland security, Iraq, the slumping domestic economy, and the run-up to the 2004 presidential election.
9522- As a result, Greece and Turkey cooperated in humanitarian efforts in Kosovo and undertook a joint peace mission to Israel and Palestine.
9523- The real question is whether there is a disease at all.
9524- The worry is that Russia may be backtracking from democracy and the rule of law.
9525- To throw away that achievement would impose costs not confined to the present episode.
9526- But, whatever you do in the next few months to win the forthcoming parliamentary elections, please remember that the support that Kadima has received from the Israeli public derives precisely from the fact that it has taken a moderate centrist position.
9527- The second pillar of poverty reduction is targeted investments for the poor, particularly for the rural poor.
9528- America has its own reasons to patch up the relationship.
9529- We are also extremely familiar with the argument that European policies have not led to any mass arrests in Cuba.
9530- Britain, which will soon mark the anniversary of last year's bombings in London, provides a test case for seeking answers to these questions.
9531- The demise of parliaments is above all a decline in democratic debate and scrutiny.
9532- Often certain actual external sounds, such as fans or running water, become transformed into perceived speech.
9533- Without such a program, unfortunately, developing countries have neither the means nor incentives to underwrite conservation.
9534- Traditionally, the role of ruling Emir alternated (according to a tacit agreement) between two rival branches of the Al Sabah family -- the Al Jaber and the Al Salem.
9535- Let's not gamble with peace and the world economy.
9536- Global economic growth and rising populations are putting unprecedented stresses on the physical environment, and these stresses in turn are causing unprecedented challenges for our societies.
9537- Rather than wait for politicians to take up the fight against polio, Rotarians led the way.
9538- The atmosphere at the paper began to darken noticeably as one after another of its leading editorial lights was pushed out.
9539- NATO is no longer only a military alliance.
9540- Since then, Microsoft has confirmed that its staff removed the blog from an MSN Internet server, citing the need to respect Chinese law when doing business in China.
9541- The most fundamental problem is that, in examining stock market investments, we are selecting an economic activity because it was a consistent success in the past.
9542- So what is left of all this today?
9543- The US and other powerful outside parties should be pressing both sides to the focal point solution, not sitting on their hands as the violence spirals out of control.
9544- The need for reform, it argues, is not based merely on a desire for better government or abstract rights, but is necessary to save a country that is being strangled.
9545- "It doesn't matter what people think," the powerful cleric Ayatollah Mesbah Yazdi once said. "The people are ignorant sheep."
9546- As the Union reforms itself internally to strengthen its democratic character and become a truly open society, it must not close itself off from those outside it.
9547- And, like China and Russia, Iran has no desire to see the US fill any security vacuum that could emerge as a result of leadership changes in Central Asia.
9548- Look at America in 1787: creation of the federal government swept away the balkanized system of pre-revolutionary colonies, ushering in an era of entrepreneurial expansion across the entire American Continent.
9549- But only half of our parliament, the Verkhovna Rada, is elected from party lists. The other half are elected directly in so_called majority constituencies.
9550- Even the consumption of fast food can make an implicit statement.
9551- The answer is not obvious.
9552- The nineteenth-century czar Alexander III once said: "Russia has only two true allies -- its army and its navy."
9553- Physical capital is in a better state than expected, and modern Iraq benefits from a deep reservoir of human capital.
9554- Murder, kidnapping, and extortion have reached record heights.
9555- But the surprise of the last few months is that an important part of the Socialist electorate and party leaders back radical change.
9556- Venezuela's Choice
9557- Indeed, confronted with her lead, both Jospin and Hollande have dropped out of the race.
9558- Though US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld proposed compensation to the victims of abuse at American military hands, it is hard to see this offer as expressing either guilt or shame.
9559- Not one political force in Russia knows how to answer the challenges that "soft authoritarianism" has brought.
9560- Unlike other countries, a decline in the real value of the dollar reduces the real value of America's gross international debts.
9561- But neither wants to leave in ignominy, with their last man dramatically lifted of an embassy rooftop by helicopter.
9562- Rather than give governors more authority, he demanded to appoint them himself.
9563- Private-sector lending became hard to mobilize, because there were many more creditors than in the bank-dominated world of the 1980's, when negotiations could be conducted by just a few big players.
9564- By strengthening civil society -- through legal rights and long-term economic development -- and instituting clear rules to ensure accountability, political despotism and corruption will be brought under control.
9565- In the 1960's, productivity increased by more than 3% per year, but in the early 1970's, productivity growth suddenly declined, by almost two thirds.
9566- Some have suggested waiting to address this issue until 2012, when a revised protocol is supposed to come into effect.
9567- Without treatment, these experiences recur relentlessly.
9568- German, the EU's most widely spoken native language, hardly makes a dent.
9569- The resurgence of TB has become a grave health emergency, and the world can no longer afford to be lethargic in addressing it.
9570- What has this to do with Europe?
9571- The Russians modified the Communist definition of treason, eliminating the death penalty and changing the name to ``governmental treason.''
9572- I traveled with a university team into the same mountains for similar relief work.
9573- Even more recently, scientists at the Neurosciences Institute in San Diego have shown that according to all essential definitional criteria, fruit flies sleep at night.
9574- 0.9
9575- Perhaps we should look at Popper again and remember his advice: to use what reason we have to tackle our insecurities.
9576- Such uncertainties are already visible.
9577- A group of well-known nationalist intellectuals, including film director Nikita Mikhalkov, artist Ilya Glazunov, and writers Valentin Rasputin and Vasily Belov, weighed in with a petition calling the exhibition a "new stage of conscious Satanism."
9578- In sub-Saharan Africa, I am reminded of the saying that silence is golden.
9579- Many remain unremittingly hostile toward India and entertain chimerical fantasies of unraveling it.
9580- He accepted this risk as the price to be paid in order to improve the economic welfare of ordinary Chinese.
9581- Under Thaksin, Thailand graduated from aid recipient and became a donor country for the first time, having turned away development assistance from countries like Japan.
9582- Shame invites a retreat from the public eye. If you are ashamed, you do not expose yourself to punishment, nor do you extend your hand in a gesture of repair.
9583- Let's make a rough estimate. If 60-70% of settlers were willing to return to Israel, this would amount to 130,000-150,000 people or approximately 25,000-30,000 families.
9584- At the same time, the rule-of-law approach to fighting terrorism must be a pillar of European cooperation with third countries, namely with those of the Mediterranean, or with Pakistan, thereby contributing to a security culture that is conducive to democratization.
9585- Russia's President Vladimir Putin was incredibly successful in achieving his goals during his first term.
9586- Our goal is thus a democratic Ukraine located between prosperous like-minded neighbors to east and west.
9587- In 2000, Chinese novelist Gao Xingjian won China's first Nobel prize for literature, followed a year later by the Indian diaspora writer V.S. Naipaul.
9588- One is careless anthropology: Belgium's classification of Hutus and Tutsis in Rwanda and Burundi, which reified a distinction that had not existed before, still haunts Africa's Great Lakes region.
9589- In the corporate landscape, there is the old, say, Coca Cola, but also alongside it the new, say, Microsoft or Amazon.
9590- Displaced farmers and workers must be provided with the education and training required to enter new jobs, as well as the funds, health care, and other essential services that they need to tide them through the transition.
9591- Indeed, though supposedly grouping the world's largest economies, the G8 now includes a country with an economy the size of Holland's, even if it is still excluded from deliberations of the other members' finance ministers.
9592- Germany had surpassed Britain in industrial production by 1900.
9593- The first signs of this realization will probably take the form of an increase in capital flight.
9594- Some calm has returned, and oil production is resuming. But the lethal mix of poverty, youth unemployment, and the mesmerizing spectacle of millions of petrodollars flowing out of the delta and into the pockets of the powerful, casts a long shadow.
9595- Although the criterion requires only that countries remain within the ERM's normal fluctuation band - 15% on either side of a central parity - the Commission says that it will base recommendations concerning candidate countries' admission on whether their exchange rates remain within a 2.25% band.
9596- Such candidates organize concerts and throw money, medicines, food, cloths, computers, and other goodies around.
9597- The naysayers' victories show that sovereignty-based arguments that oppose any kind of European political union are on the march.
9598- Air, soil, and water pollution has been growing, causing hundreds of thousands of deaths every year.
9599- In 2000, Taylor used those same thugs to attack Guinea, in an assault that left hundreds dead and destroyed the city of Guekedou.
9600- They are useless at fighting today's new terrorist enemy.
9601- Climate change is a perfect example.
9602- Climate scientists have warned for years that global warming caused by manmade emissions of greenhouse gases will generate more extreme storms.
9603- The same holds true for China.
9604- As in any negotiation, the key ingredients are timing and political will.
9605- And this is not only because many coaches of the national teams are, like in the good old days, "foreign mercenaries," with this Cup's Swiss guards including the Brazilian coaches of Japan and Portugal, the Swedish coach of England, and the French coach of Tunisia.
9606- It was a grim recognition that Russia faces the opposite problem: a rapid decline in population that threatens every aspect of Russian life.
9607- Indeed, the current state of the world shows how necessary a common European foreign and security policy is.
9608- Commenting on Taiwan's UN application, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan demanded that Taipei stop pursuing its "two China's" policy.
9609- According to recent World Values Surveys, 96.7% of Chinese expressed confidence in their government, compared to only 37.3% of Americans.
9610- These "outsiders" were often neglected in Europe's traditional political competition, and their demands received little or no attention.
9611- No chicken can move without having to push through other birds.
9612- Ukraine has formed a regional association with Georgia, Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan, and Moldova, and its ambition is to play the role of a center of democracy and economic freedom in this huge area.
9613- It needs to become a political initiative.
9614- But only tentative reforms have appeared so far.
9615- Some famous and rather powerful voices began to speak of the UN's irrelevance.
9616- Unlike recent riots in the United Kingdom, which were inter-ethnic, the confrontations in France put their participants face to face with the police.
9617- Malawi today is an urgent case in point.
9618- Closer inspection, however, reveals a different Russia.
9619- So the farmers dumped grain wherever they could--along roadsides, in irrigation canals, in rivers.
9620- The Russian experience strongly suggests that the obvious alternative of legal reform would not have been nearly as effective.
9621- One factor that explains this is the large share of US firms in markets where Americans sell their goods.
9622- But this is misleading: the European social model is, in fact, part and parcel of the identity of the EU member states more than of the EU per se.
9623- Because the euro has appreciated against the dollar, the euro price of crude oil and base metals has increased at a slower pace than their corresponding dollar prices.
9624- Argentina's ongoing search is an untold, fascinating story of how we Argentines imagine and define who we want to be in the next decades.
9625- From time to time Arab negotiators enter into discussions about the mundane issues that prospective neighboring states would need to resolve, such as political boundaries, security arrangements, and economic relations.
9626- Indeed, enlargement of NATO comes only a few days after a deal was struck between Russia and the EU on the tricky question of access to the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad.
9627- As whole areas heat up, mosquitoes enter formerly forbidden territories, bringing illness with them, while causing more disease for longer periods in the areas they already inhabit.
9628- They were then punished for a few years by not having access to international capital markets.
9629- But reform should not be confined to public retirement systems.
9630- This will increase demands for more regulation and heavy government involvement in the economy, so as to bring unruly and untrustworthy capitalists under greater control.
9631- Solzhenitsyn's suggestion is crude, but right in a fundamental sense.
9632- If world leaders rise to their responsibilities, the rebirth and renewal of the UN will be at hand.
9633- Nigeria's Battle of the Generals
9634- Indeed, Niyazov's demise highlights the broader problems of Central Asia's post-Soviet regimes, which, with the exception of Kyrgyzstan, are run by Soviet-era bosses who, while not nearly as eccentric or egomaniacal as Niyazov, tolerate little dissent or opposition.
9635- Indeed, Prince Naif, the Minister of the Interior and leader of the hardliners, has either silenced or imprisoned hundreds of the key Saudi reformers.
9636- But Glassman and Hassett did have a point.
9637- There are indications that Germany is finally emerging from years of economic stagnation, not least thanks to the reforms started under Schroeder.
9638- Their leaders can scarcely hold their tongues, so badly do they want a Kerry victory.
9639- Invariably, fundamentalists dismiss religious critiques of their views as evidence that religious authorities have been corrupted by hostile influences.
9640- The important points for them are that they gained revenge by inflicting damage, showed that they were real men, did not buckle under, and survived.
9641- Contractors in municipal services, for example, prefer to use children in order to cut costs.
9642- Former SOEs--whose market valuation is pumped up by the artificial shortage of tradable shares--account for more than nine-tenths of the 1,224 companies listed on China's stock exchanges.
9643- A deeper shared purpose is needed.
9644- But can an emerging economy invest too much?
9645- The European Central Bank, of course, for allowing the euro to appreciate too much and for not cutting interest rates enough.
9646- Worse still, the sell-off of state assets was accompanied by massive external borrowing.
9647- Swayed by this logic, the US has pushed to accelerate delivery of aid--a task it knows well how to achieve, having provided nine-tenths of all emergency relief money to Afghanistan even during the Taliban years.
9648- This is also partly Bush's doing, or, rather, not doing, as his first-term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment.
9649- It has been roughly 300 years since religious people came to understand that being of a different faith, or being agnostic, did not disqualify one from public office.
9650- Prime Minister Koizumi has chosen a career BOJ insider, Toshihiko Fukui, a man who is unlikely to rock the boat.
9651- So why should bad policy by the Bank of Japan set the trend for world inflation rates?
9652- The US-Japan alliance remains crucial to stability in East Asia, but it takes three sides to make a triangle.
9653- It is, after all, a European nation in cultural, if not political terms, whereas progress in China will not be measured by the introduction of Western-style democracy, but eventually, one hopes, by Singapore-style rule of law.
9654- Early adoption, by contrast, would be more conducive to these reforms, and thus to real convergence.
9655- The first explicit scheme was introduced in America after the Great Depression and initially seemed an unmitigated success.
9656- The rewards to be gained by deregulating product markets are very large.
9657- But their adherence to Islam is illustrated by the example of a man I once saw at Muslim prayer in the ruins of the ancient Zeus temple in a small town on the Aegean coast.
9658- Some see it, in present circumstances, as a clash between peace by negotiation and active, even pre-emptive intervention.
9659- Start with the evidence on retail prices.
9660- As a common sports adage puts it: never change a winning game, but always change a losing one.
9661- After 1989, however, Western assistance, not least by the US and Britain, eased the transition to democracy, the rule of law, and market economies in most post-communist countries.
9662- These problems notwithstanding, we think the reforms associated with the euro were great and well-executed.
9663- So Japan now opposes negotiating a second ITA, which it fears will further weaken political support for broad trade liberalization.
9664- In other words, during the past three decades the rich world seems to have enjoyed "sustainable development," while development in the poor world (barring China) has been unsustainable.
9665- "It is an issue between us and China."
9666- Islamic fundamentalism -- Islamism -- has spread to all countries in which there are significant numbers of Muslims.
9667- But because arrest no longer meant execution but long imprisonment, dissidents acquired a reasonable chance to emerge from prison or labor camps.
9668- But the ECB and the Stability and Growth Pact being what they are, both German parties are what they are: a sculptor who has promised to carve a marble statue overnight but has lost his chisel.
9669- Can multinational companies bring similar benefits to other needy regions, such as sub-Saharan Africa, where a legacy of colonialism, apartheid, and economic mismanagement create a fundamentally different business environment?
9670- The reason deficit reduction worked in the US in 1993 was that America's banks, whose balance sheets were weak, had large holdings of long-term bonds, the value of which increased as long-term interest rates fell.
9671- Finally, they reached the attic.
9672- Expansion and Democracy in Europe
9673- Bush's second inaugural address was devoted to the power of liberty and democracy.
9674- For the US the story is mostly neutral: a gain in competitiveness toward Europe, a loss relative to Japan, and with no net gain or loss in competitiveness or trade, scant inflationary effects to speak about, no interest rate hikes or stock declines - nothing to get excited about.
9675- Parties have become machines for allocating power rather than for gathering and representing the interests of citizens.
9676- If the US needs to worry about unemployment with an unemployment rate of less than 6%, what is a poor country with unemployment at 10% or 20% to say?
9677- But more red ink is likely, owing to the current administration's irresponsible commitment to tax reduction, and, unlike Clinton, or, indeed, the first President Bush, George W. Bush does not intend to break his campaign promises.
9678- The US has a much larger role to play than simply promoting trade liberalization in the region.
9679- This is the realization that lies underneath our all-encompassing focus on security.
9680- They confirm that the conditions for a democratic order are present.
9681- Given decades of repressive rule, and tens of thousands of disappeared Iraqis, there are already endemic problems of verification.
9682- Economic development is determined by many factors, including geography, politics, international relations, and culture.
9683- Is it democracy with adjectives, such as "managed" democracy, "illiberal" democracy, or "electoral" democracy?
9684- Of course, the enormity of the Holocaust ought to have eradicated anti-Semitism for all time.
9685- And so on.
9686- The average real long-term government interest rate in 1891-1979 -- a period ending just before Volcker oversaw soaring growth in borrowing costs -- was a mere 1.25%, which is very close to the real long-term interest rate today. 
9687- But never at so titanic a level as today.
9688- Former US Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin reportedly tried to influence the current government to intervene on behalf of Enron in its hotly contested dispute in India.
9689- "Effeminate" men and "masculine" women coincide perfectly with the popular view of homosexuals as men who are not "real" men and women who are not fully "feminine."
9690- But it did not remove America's vulnerability to terrorism.
9691- With the national dialogue now underway, we are in the midst of phase three.
9692- It may be that rethinking strategy in the light of new facts will open a way forward.
9693- Public opinion surveys conducted by private groups before and after the earthquake suggest that attitudes in Pakistan regarding the US changed dramatically because of this new awareness.
9694- This arrangement's negative effects extend, moreover, to the entire African continent.
9695- If the home country were to remain responsible for welfare services to non-working immigrants, the erosion of West European welfare states that the theory of systems competition predicts could be halted.
9696- Once Palestinians are convinced that there is an opportunity for genuine peace and independence, they will press Hamas to act on it -- or elect a party that will.
9697- If adopted, these measures will further compound America's fiscal mess.
9698- This might lead Afghanistan into a situation of no return: becoming a narco-state that drifts away from any form of rule of law and disengages itself from the fragile social contract with its own citizens that it has started to establish.
9699- But they reflect the fundamental reality that at every turning point, the EU has moved forward through more integration.
9700- Despite the promises, aid continued to decline.
9701- Thus, homophobia, far from involving only homosexuals, affects everybody who does not fit into traditional gender roles.
9702- It could, of course, be different: had Greek Cypriots followed the Palestinian example since 1948 - that is, kept the refugees in camps, segregated them from the non-refugee society, and fed their children a daily militaristic message of hatred, revenge, and terrorism - a completely different atmosphere would permeate the island.
9703- Two of the volunteers nearly died.
9704- Israelis blame their critics for not shedding these irrational beliefs.
9705- One seldom restores economic strength - or confidence - with policies that force an economy into a deep recession.
9706- America's Social Security program has been so successful in reducing poverty because the poor get back a little more than they contribute, and the rich get back a little less.
9707- One place to start is to evaluate the economic impact of new technologies, preferably before they are released to the public.
9708- There are two key ideas here.
9709- · climate change will shift every aspect, such as temperature, rainfall, and storm patterns, as well as bringing fundamental changes in the physical environment, such as rising sea levels and changes in ocean chemistry.
9710- After all, Lebanon does have low social mobility, low female labor market participation, and a strong preference for sons, while other countries do not.
9711- If a fair one-time payment is offered, it is likely to be taken up by a majority of civil servants, and public opinion will frown upon the greedy or lazy ones who turn it down.
9712- These values were lost in the Great War, and we never really recovered the optimism and faith in the future that preceded it.
9713- Because who else will pay for cleaning up Turkey's banks?
9714- What about the mere praise of "martyrs" who have died while murdering others?
9715- Senior US officials continue to say that there is no infrastructure to dispense medicines, even as these officials visit hospitals that possess the necessary doctors, clinics, nurses, and pharmacies.
9716- The Bush administration may not care that deficit reduction is the right policy for America, but it might care far more if the issue were framed as a prerequisite for policy changes abroad that diminish pressure from imports on domestic manufacturing employment.
9717- The effects are far from negligible: The best estimates are that a 10% appreciation of the Euro will bring a decrease in demand and output of 0.6% of GDP in the Euro area.
9718- On the exchange rate, a narrow fluctuation band should be avoided. I suggest creating an "ERM light."
9719- We can therefore note that in Islamic societies like Tunisia, Turkey, Indonesia, and Malaysia, economic growth and cultural change has proceeded rapidly in the past generation.
9720- For example, tariffs (which are set by the central government, but administered locally) are low or nonexistent for companies that take advantage of China's regional systems of tax-free zones and tax benefits.
9721- Even such proximate memory is far from being the rule in Russia.
9722- Should he return to the old Lula rhetoric and watch capital flee the country, or try "modernity" and disappoint many of those who voted for him?
9723- Unfortunately, even the promise of additional funding cannot overcome governmental intransigence.
9724- But it will give legitimate expression to the will of a people long oppressed and entitled to their place in the sun.
9725- But nothing of the sort appears in the truncated text approved by Hamas.
9726- It showed that persistent pressure works better than the "constructive engagement" that it had pursued, to no avail, for the eight years since Burma joined the organization.
9727- But awareness of this danger should not lead us to lose sight of a fundamental fact: many of the moral advantages and conceptions of selfhood that those in capitalist societies take for granted are due in no small part to capitalism itself.
9728- So the legend lives on.
9729- However, if a real border is to be created -- it currently exists only on paper and provides income for corrupt customs officials -- huge problems will arise.
9730- What's striking about Ortega's move is that he is ready to risk so much political capital, not only expelling Lewites from the party but canceling his challenger's permits to hold political rallies and forbidding him to use Sandinista party symbols.
9731- At one end of its spectrum of meanings, conservatism has (over the last two decades) come to be viewed as promoting too much of a civic life of greed and grab.
9732- The revulsion provoked by the murder of innocents is deeply felt by all, and it is reprehensible by any standard, religious or not.
9733- These same Iraqis saw a link between an effective democracy and the separation of religion and politics, as under a western system.
9734- The Russians fought for ten hard years over the same terrain in Afghanistan.
9735- The executive powers that the European Commission enjoys over competition policy allow it to circumvent the national vetoes and compromises that are common in other areas. For example, implementation of rules governing the single market are subject to a unanimity rule, or at the very least a qualified majority of member states, with the result that progress is usually slow.
9736- That bolsters his strength in the Russian setting.
9737- Indeed, Pakistan, once sympathetic to al-Qaeda and the Taliban regime, has under President Pervez Musharraf cast its lot with the civilized world and is a stalwart ally against terrorism.
9738- The Chinese are comforted in their self-image by the world's combination of admiration for their dynamism, greed for the market they constitute, and apprehension for the competition they represent.
9739- The concept of a "social contract" based on rights and obligations -- the essential values that constitute the most important precondition for effective environmental protection -- goes largely ignored.
9740- Even the 20% cut in Japan's Official Development Assistance for China scarcely harmed their smooth economic ties.
9741- Kosovo is a territory far smaller than Afghanistan.
9742- Jiang Yanyong is no ordinary doctor.
9743- More than 300 taxes and fees have been imposed on peasants by all levels of government.
9744- In effect, Mexico told the US: "I can criticize you first, and help you later."
9745- Some 70 years ago, during the Great Depression, John Maynard Keynes formulated his theory of unemployment, which described how government action could help restore full employment.
9746- But the charges against Khodorkovsky are as flimsy as they are tendentious: the privatization case had been amicably settled previously, and Khodorkovsky has merely used tax avoidance schemes that are commonplace in Russia--and that have been upheld in court.
9747- When I was in the IMF, I often called him to discuss a difficult situation.
9748- After all, few people go into journalism to deliberately mislead the public.
9749- The point is simply that there are moments in history when democratization and nation building coincide, and that in deeply divided societies the minimum consensus needed for both to succeed simultaneously is difficult to achieve.
9750- It also needs a modern civil society to consolidate its multi-ethnic post-imperial population.
9751- For good or for ill, the political power of the US makes it immune to prosecution.
9752- Why seemingly healthy body areas can hurt persistently, and thereby disable a person, still eludes explanation.
9753- The Asian disaster showed the ability of those affected to overcome long-standing rifts, as Aceh rebels put down their arms in common cause with the rest of Indonesia.
9754- Can one blame voters for being suspicious of the silence of the political majority, and even for being taken in by the fringe's blustering?
9755- For a price you can get into any college, no matter your credentials.
9756- It could hardly be more clear.
9757- By trying to do too much -- or believing that one can achieve more than is possible -- the result can be failure and certainly will be disappointment.
9758- Sentences for non-Han Chinese are typically longer than those imposed on Han Chinese.
9759- What Drives Central Bank Decisions to Intervene?
9760- Finally, dealing with the Middle East, not just with Iran, requires a fresh, open-minded, and comprehensive approach.
9761- The great 20
9762- What China wants above all is to prevent North Korea from collapsing, whatever the cause.
9763- But they clearly express the changes that Europe has witnessed over the past half-century, changes for the good that all Czechs now want to secure for themselves, having been denied the fruits of European peace and prosperity for so long.
9764- What should the world do when a large number of people are the victims of violence originating from within their own country?
9765- Because pharmaceutical companies want their drug to work, they are rarely interested in studying what to do if it is ineffective.
9766- The real innovations are found in Part I and II of the proposed Constitution, in the definition of the normative and political identity of the Union, its competences, the new institutional balance -- including the creation of a European Minister of Foreign Affairs -- and, last but not least, the introduction of a Bill of Rights.
9767- In fact, I have scrupulously abided by both the letter and the spirit of the law.
9768- The transatlantic difference in hours worked can be explained in part by comparing the labor input of European women to the input of American women. While American women work 36 hours per week on average, Dutch women put in only 24 hours per week, while German women work 30 hours.
9769- The weapons inspectors were pulled out, and America opted for preemptive war.
9770- So far, none of those discussions have proved to be very fruitful.
9771- Instead, they expressed sorrow for the victims (whether Jewish, Muslim, or British) and a firm commitment to Turkey's chosen path.
9772- If we don't grasp the moment it will vanish.
9773- But he does this because, unlike most of Europe, he realizes that what is at stake is literally everything that really matters to free people.
9774- Will former Mexico City Mayor Andrés Manuel López Obrador be elected Mexico's President next year, despite the outrageous corruption that characterized his administration of the world's largest city?
9775- As depression worsens, feelings of extreme sadness and hopelessness combine with low self-esteem, guilt, memory loss, and concentration difficulties to bring about a severely painful state of mind.
9776- Predictably, this fueled more outrage in Japan.
9777- Much of the current talk about the draft's various provisions thus misses the point.
9778- Democracy Comes Second
9779- So a "casual" production style was adopted, similar to the design of worn and ripped jeans.
9780- The source of that shame is not any particular act, but simply being part of a nation that could behave so arrogantly as to disregard international law and the United Nations by invading a country that was not threatening America, and then sending untrained military police to keep prisoners in line by any means they happen to devise.
9781- Darwin accepted the design-like nature of organisms and their parts.
9782- On British television recently, a tearful farmer spoke of the fact that his sheep were being shot to prevent the spread of foot and mouth disease: "We're so sorry to see our lambs die -- they should be the symbol of spring, of new life. But now they die due to this awful disease."
9783- This is an area where the concepts are clear but the facts remain murky.
9784- It has been a long time since the words "opportunity" and "Middle East" appeared in the same sentence.
9785- I pledge not to abandon them.
9786- But things have not worked out according to plan.
9787- Indeed, the key challenge in the years ahead will be to find the proper balance between these two objectives.
9788- Ukraine Needs A Velvet Revolution
9789- However, the Committee refused to comment on whether his behavior was normal or deviant for the field in question.
9790- What can we do about this?
9791- Despite a frenzied public relations campaign by regime officials, only half of all eligible voters participated.
9792- Only the presence of foreign troops slows the further balkanization of the country's already fractious politics.
9793- People eating, people washing, people sleeping, people visiting, arguing, and screaming.
9794- Technology and economic development are proliferating across Asia and the developing world, while the spread of literacy and political awareness during the past century made national self-determination by far the dominant ideology of our age, leading to the end of colonialism.
9795- Thus, continuing pain seems likely for ordinary Japanese, whose thrift and productivity ensured that the country rose like a phoenix from its wartime destruction.
9796- After the burst of growth that arrived with hyperinflation's end, growth slowed, partly because firms in the country couldn't get adequate finance.
9797- This mission must also reflect a new politics that does not accentuate differences, but helps shape a new sense of who "we" are.
9798- Despite the avowedly "free-market" beliefs of many Christian fundamentalists, as voters they support government-financed pensions, health care, and other public services.
9799- First is Oleksander Moroz's left-wing bloc. Those who favor the Left should support the Moroz bloc instead of the Communists, who are locked in the blind alley of the past.
9800- The best containment strategy is to put Taylor in the custody of the Special Court that indicted him in 2003 for war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the war in Sierra Leone.
9801- Debt, however, is a burden imposed by current citizens on future generations.
9802- Because of its economic and trade muscle, China is bound to play a more prominent role as the Doha round unfolds.
9803- Exxon has reportedly been funding so-called think tanks to undermine confidence in the science of global warming, just as the tobacco industry funded "research" to question the validity of statistical findings showing the link between smoking and cancer.
9804- The metaphor comes from the famous mathematician and computer scientist Alan Turing, who, along with John von Neumann and other theoreticians, uncovered the link between the mathematics of whole numbers and logic.
9805- We recommend a low inflation objective as the anchor for monetary policy in China.
9806- China permitted demonstrations, sometimes violent, against Japanese consulates in protest of changes in Japanese textbooks that softened descriptions of Japan's invasion in the 1930's.
9807- As one saying goes, "There is not want of conscience in Chinese, but there is want of courage."
9808- · The inability of Western European governments to enact sufficiently bold liberalizing reforms to create the possibility of full employment, together with the failure of western European monetary policy to be sufficiently stimulative to create the reality of full employment.
9809- This represents a tragedy that is as avoidable as it is immense.
9810- How many lost their jobs last month?
9811- My Princeton University colleague Daniel Kahneman and several co-researchers tried to measure people's subjective well-being by asking them about their mood at frequent intervals during a day.
9812- There is also talk of NATO accession by Australia, South Korea, Japan, and New Zealand.
9813- That is where the debate should now turn.
9814- Our lack of membership in these organizations resulted from the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact (the Hitler-Stalin Pact) of 1939 and because of the Soviet occupation of the Baltic nations.
9815- Immigrants could come and work, pay taxes and social contributions, and gain free access to the public goods of the host country.
9816- Ironically, President Bush claims that the UN does not follow through on its word.
9817- The choice of a candidate for the next elections is about this strategic choice, not personalities.
9818- The report challenges the core principles of a faith-driven administration and of a president whose political gospel led him to a sharp departure from the culture of conflict resolution in favor of a crusade based on raw power.
9819- Other countries are eligible, and the IMF is helping these states make rapid progress to qualify, with total debt relief expected to be more than $5 billion.
9820- Equally troubling, Schröder embraced the misguided reform proposals put forward by the "Hartz Commission," a panel of representatives from industrial and trade union interest groups.
9821- Even a temporary spike in oil prices can have long-term effects because of the social reactions they provoke.
9822- As Europe becomes increasingly multi-cultural, political pressures against the welfare state seem certain to grow.
9823- This revival of the past was a big worry for West Europeans and Americans, who feared the re-emergence of historical enmities and tensions, which did indeed come to the fore in the former Yugoslavia.
9824- Small wonder, then, that Russian President Vladimir Putin likes to show off his hometown.
9825- Chinese interests are served by a Middle East marked by regional cooperation.
9826- China, by contrast, sees its growth as tied to a stable currency, and may not want to introduce a more flexible exchange-rate regime, even after the 2.1% revaluation in July, pending alleviation of structural problems for which it is extremely difficult to set a timetable.
9827- -3.2
9828- More than this cannot -- and should not -- be expected.
9829- The authorities have natural allies in the large, moderate Muslim organisations, especially the Nahdhatul Ulama and the Muhammadiyah, that lead Indonesian civil society.
9830- The winds of global change began sweeping through Asia roughly two decades ago, first in East Asia, then engulfing China, and in the course of the 1990's blowing on to South Asia, most importantly India.
9831- Even taking a generous view, the best that can be said is that the system is neutral insofar as redistribution is concerned, because the wealthiest pay more taxes and use more university services.
9832- Signs of frustration with modernity are never hard to find.
9833- For once, over employment is politically justified.
9834- Tony Blair has promised a referendum on the new EU constitution, which he cannot possibly win.
9835- Typically, employers -- including Fox News -- match workers' 401(k) contributions, so setting up a 401(k) is an irresistible financial deal, a true no-brainer.
9836- But Ambassador Bernard did provide a service; he helped us to recognize how widespread this new anti-Jewishness is.
9837- One of the worst offenders here is France.
9838- Indeed, should the US go to war, no one can predict the effect on oil supplies.
9839- Low turnout, by contrast, could convince western audiences that, despite the Saudi state's best efforts to jump-start democracy, its people are satisfied with the status quo.
9840- But this promising start follows a long trail of failures to create inflation futures, owing to the public's lack of interest.
9841- If it leads to healthier, smarter people with better problem-solving abilities, that will be a good thing.
9842- As it celebrates its tenth anniversary, Al Jazeera is no longer new, but it remains a trendsetter.
9843- But nukes, a belief in deterrence, and the growing realization that Kashmir is a lost cause, have freed the army from the hard life of the trenches.
9844- Nevertheless, as long as we see a chance to escape death, we run from it, and we expect those who take care of us to look for the escape routes.
9845- In this respect, Turkey is fundamentally different from North African and Middle Eastern countries.
9846- People clinging to buses.
9847- One cannot help but recall Britain's Neville Chamberlain on his return from Munich, waving that laughable treaty signed by Adolf Hitler, and declaring the advent of "peace in our time."
9848- The constant creation of new needs--when not bounded by a sense of how novelty fits into our lives--may put us on a treadmill of joyless consumption.
9849- Watanabe and Yomiuri Shimbun have provided a rare opportunity that should be seized for the greater good of China and Japan and the world.
9850- High stock market valuations would reflect a radiant future, households would be behaving in a reasonable way, and America would be wise to run a trade deficit in order to invest.
9851- A comprehensive prevention program providing free or cheap condoms and information about safe sex to the regions worst affected by HIV/AIDS would cost $27 billion and save more than 28 million lives.
9852- It is far more rational to spend a little extra income now for a few years of schooling than face decades of social costs resulting from masses of uneducated adult workers!
9853- As we shrug off our provincial defensiveness, we become more willing to accept the best that others have to offer.
9854- This is true of railway fares throughout continental Europe, which are subsidized by government.
9855- Colombia, it seems, is only mentioned nowadays in connection with President Alvaro Uribe's re-election bid later this month.
9856- All species of malaria, for example, are transmitted by mosquitos.
9857- The country's entire establishment--its government, major political parties (including the opposition), trade unions and employers--all supported a Yes vote.
9858- There is thus no reason to caution them against fast eurozone accession or to force them to change their exchange rate regimes before entry.
9859- Oriana Fallaci published a long rant along this line shortly after the attacks.
9860- Indeed, the fetishization of any document has a religious cast that should make any thinking person skeptical.
9861- Fox has every right to celebrate the recent initiative announced by President Bush to assist some currently illegal immigrants to the US come out of the shadow economy, and he should congratulate himself for pressing Bush to make this effort.
9862- This is the true choice that the Irish now face.
9863- Ironically, while the majority of Palestinians voted a religious movement into power, only 1% of those polled said that Hamas's priority should be to implement Islamic law in Palestine.
9864- The net result of all these calculations?
9865- The new Global Fund to Fight AIDS, TB, and Malaria was started this year, but rich countries contributed less than one-tenth of the money it needs.
9866- To be sure, the big issues that the Federal President listed when he dissolved the Bundestag are real.
9867- But ten thousand or more families will need homes in the Mansehra-Balakot-Kaghan area alone, not to speak of adjoining Kashmir.
9868- Moreover, a cursory glance at the PLA's readiness training, research and development, weapons acquisition, and indoctrination programs shows that Chinese officials are preparing to fight future wars not only against regional powers, but against a superpower.
9869- Many of Japan's neighbors were understandably reassured by the Cold War arrangement whereby America promised to defend Japan, relieving the country of the need for a powerful military.
9870- We are told that in a "knowledge economy," a country needs ever more graduates and formal qualifications to stay competitive.
9871- For one thing, some populist leaders may not accept the result of the next elections.
9872- Yet, barring particular sectors like steel, most American politicians and bosses bit their tongues about the dollar's strength and few, if any, have jumped for joy at its recent decline.
9873- We truly have the power to become the managers of planet Earth.
9874- Only shared prosperity can truly make the planet secure.
9875- Felipe Calderón of the center-right ruling party, the National Action Party (PAN), is currently leading in the vote count, which must be confirmed by September.
9876- According to the US Energy Department, within this decade American oil imports from Africa will reach 770 millions barrels annually, as exploration intensifies throughout the Gulf of Guinea, and as the US brokers peace in war-ravaged oil-producing countries, such as Sudan and Angola, and establishes strategic bases to safeguard output.
9877- Thai children toil in unventilated factories, working with glass heated to 1,500 degrees Celsius.
9878- Both countries have a reputation for corruption in government.
9879- The objections of industry rest on the narrow issue of added financial cost. The objections coming from universities are more puzzling, as it is in their long-term interest to conduct research ethically.
9880- Missiles, Mickey Mouse, and North Korea
9881- In 2004 the world could well learn again the risks of relying excessively on the ideology or leadership of a single country.
9882- Many are turning their backs on the whole project.
9883- Thanks to his perseverance and the media's investigation, the fraud was laid bare.
9884- The IMF has long called on donors to meet the internationally accepted target for overseas development assistance of 0.7% of GDP.
9885- For the richest 10% of people in India the income gain from aggregate economic growth tends to be about four times higher than the gain to the poorest 20%; in Brazil it tends to be almost 20 times higher.
9886- After a chaotic period, Russia is shedding the few attributes of an open society it had acquired.
9887- The judiciary rejected calls for a full recount, though they did examine roughly 9% of the ballots before ruling that the review indicated no challenge to the election's outcome.
9888- Democracies can deal with political Islam and respect fundamental rights.
9889- Without the benefits of trade, much of rural Africa struggles at subsistence levels.
9890- Membership in an alliance is the most important of a nation's sovereign decisions.
9891- Netherlands
9892- Lasting peace in the Middle East could lead to greater prosperity and cooperation in the world.
9893- The restaurant is decorated not only with oriental carpets, but with life-size figures of the movie's heroes firing machine guns or sitting on crates of dynamite.
9894- So he decided, in tandem with some major political figures both from Solidarity and from the Union of Freedom, to create a movement called "Citizen's Platform".
9895- To see this, consider North Sea cod.
9896- Inevitably, its major source of strength is moral suasion.
9897- It is inconceivable that multilateral negotiations could result in a breakthrough toward a diplomatic solution while North Korea is actively engaged in pursuing its nuclear weapons program.
9898- First, free movement has meant that good players from small leagues improve much more than they would had they stayed home.
9899- At the same time, the Commission's latest report on Turkey's progress toward accession notes that political reforms have slowed down, further calling into question the country's future EU membership.
9900- In China circa 1978, the constraint was the absence of market-oriented incentives.
9901- The third tendency is to believe that culture is the key to economic development.
9902- Medical centers and clinics would be expected to investigate the cause of ailments in a large number of their patients, even in cases where the symptoms seem common.
9903- While the US economy begins to stagnate, across the Atlantic the business cycle seems to have turned upward at last.
9904- The third difficulty for the view that morality is rooted in religion is that some elements of morality seem to be universal, despite sharp doctrinal differences among the world's major religions.
9905- What, concretely, should be done in order to restart the negotiations?
9906- His success was never to the detriment of others.
9907- Indeed, Sino-US interaction has been so strong that the two presidents met five times last year.
9908- But Europe should look beyond Berlusconi's careless tongue when gauging the nature of his regime.
9909- In America, for example, it is illegal to ship wine privately from California to Massachusetts because wine wholesalers in Massachusetts managed to have a Federal law established that protects their huge profit margins.
9910- What we call "terrorism" has many causes, and one must beware of facile explanations.
9911- I am a political practitioner, first and foremost. So I know that no theory, no amount of analysis, can free a politician from bouts of soul-searching, from troubling his or her conscience with questions about what is and what is not honest when confronting political choices.
9912- That businesswoman's brush with the law typifies the main reason-aside from low incomes-that bridging the so-called "digital divide" between rich and poor countries is so difficult.
9913- Some - for example, Jörg Haider's Free Democrats in Austria, or Gianfranco Fini's Italian post-fascists - were forced to temper their radicalism after joining government coalitions.
9914- For example, because atheists supposedly lack a moral compass, they should be guided by pure self-interest and walk by the drowning child.
9915- The defeat of the EU's Constitutional Treaty in referendums in France and the Netherlands has, it seems, given rise to a new consensus that further enlargement of the Union should be slowed down, or even stopped.
9916- But even the most hopeful observer must now concede that these dark scenarios are moving toward realization and that no good prevention strategy is in place.
9917- Nonetheless, Europe, India, and America are all aware that today's friendship could become tomorrow's alliance if China turns hostile.
9918- As Stephen Lewis, the UN Secretary General's Special Envoy on HIV/AIDS in Africa, has stated, "TB and HIV act on each other with fatal force -- a combination made in hell."
9919- The UN repeatedly passes resolutions against terrorism, but cannot agree on how to define the term.
9920- If this lesson is learned, the world will be far safer.
9921- Countless people will needlessly suffer and die as a result of the arbitrary, unscientific restrictions now imposed on our ability to help them to help themselves.
9922- We would resist the idea that the world exists merely to be manipulated for human ends.
9923- Instead, surgical military strikes based on an expanded intelligence effort should complement the peace process, prying extremists away from the MILF mainstream.
9924- For several years now, antidepressants have been the most profitable class of drugs in the US.
9925- But is it true?
9926- This, however, may result in eviscerating the power of Dr. Ibrahim Rugova, finally confirmed as President earlier this month, while the extremist's parties transformed from the Kosovo Liberation Army are admitted into government.
9927- New methods should be explored.
9928- Japanese were told to socialize the losses their banking system incurred when Japan's bubble burst, then re-privatize those parts of it that could still succeed as going concerns and liquidate the rest.
9929- Both conservative traditionalists and radical fundamentalists were drawn to political activism and came to regard the modern state as a means to liberate Muslims from foreign domination and to re-Islamicize society through a revival of Islam's original norms.
9930- When a firm makes a profit, this means that productive factors have been properly employed and corresponding human needs have been duly satisfied."
9931- I want to shout: "Wake up America.
9932- But the EU--indeed, every country--should seek automatic stabilizers, policies that automatically boost the economy in a downturn.
9933- Left unchanged, this persistent poverty threatens to become a permanent drag on European prosperity, which would be a tragedy for Roma and non-Roma alike.
9934- Both in assisting shifts in employment and in maintaining full employment, the Bush Administration has failed.
9935- The significance of these similarities for the future of peace and democracy is far from clear.
9936- France
9937- But the curriculum was much less meticulous concerning interrogation techniques.
9938- "I doubt that even Mao knew what it was."
9939- Globalization must not be allowed to blind us.
9940- Abe also stressed his intention to boost ties with Russia, promote cooperation with the ASEAN countries, and develop a strategic dialogue with Australia and India.
9941- But in the Gaza Strip local elections soon afterward, radical Islamists who use terrorism won seven of the ten municipal councils.
9942- So with inflation rates near their long-term lower bound, the expectation should be for higher , not lower, inflation rates over the longer term.
9943- China's 70 million "netizens" may now be in a prime position to guide the transformation of society and determine the country's future.
9944- Djindjic himself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month.
9945- The same approach should work for fiscal policy.
9946- One of its backers' main motives was to boost Europe's political integration.
9947- Amphetamine drugs produced in eastern Burma seem to be transported with such ease that significant quantities have been found in northeast India, on Burma's western border.
9948- It is virtually impossible to discern the relationship from the data except in a few isolated periods.
9949- A United Nations plan for unification was accepted by the Turkish part. But the Greek Cypriots voted against the plan because their leaders did not live up to the implicit deal with the EU to support it.
9950- When it asked to visit a suspect lab within the Parchin defense production plant, the Iranians stalled.
9951- Left-wing pacifism tends to overlook this simple fact.
9952- If more evidence emerges, democratic prudence councils a complete recount.
9953- If, for example, a pathogen is transmitted by an insect that lives in the tops of trees, susceptible hosts will not be infected if they never leave the ground.
9954- Its tenets were highly appropriate to the settled, sophisticated agrarian civilizations of pre-nineteenth-century East Asia, for they knitted together society and polity in a manner calculated to promote stability and harmony.
9955- One such opportunity was missed in the early 1990's.
9956- Indeed, it is striking that communists and Trotskyites have experienced a revival of sorts—or at least a re-legitimation—in France, and that the little that Ahmadinejad has revealed of his program calls for nationalization, particularly of the oil industry, and expropriation of the rich.
9957- Additionally, there have been attempts to create new posts, develop labor-intensive industries and small and medium sized firms, promote the private sector, and encourage service jobs, plus offering occupational training: the government allocated an additional 4.7 billion yuan expressly for job creation in 2004.
9958- He was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession.
9959- Such measures are, of course, an unfortunate detour.
9960- More and higher-quality energy increases production through modernized communications, improved productivity, and a better business environment.
9961- Stalin is yet another cherished role model.
9962- But a single market does not require a single social or industrial policy, far less a common taxation policy.
9963- Today, it is a contingency that must be accounted for in every trip to the airport.
9964- These results suggest the following clinical and public health implications:
9965- Foreign commentators often acknowledge that a clique of Tajiks exerts inordinate influence in the government.
9966- They think that economic reform is long overdue, and, like others, consider Kim Jong-il's political system bizarre.
9967- Both countries also possess a fairly educated middle class and intelligentsia alongside more traditional elites.
9968- This fact is unrecognized at home because the victims of the war on terror are not Americans.
9969- Compromise is therefore difficult even among moderates: it requires a belief that moderation on one side will be met by moderation on the other.
9970- For nearly 60 years, the Atlantic partnership has been a force for good, not only for Europe and North America, but for the world.
9971- It was not only the endemic corruption of the official Palestinian leadership that turned so many Palestinians from it.
9972- American reactions to the Abu Ghraib torture scenes, followed by the beheading of the American hostage Nicholas Berg, show clearly the route to barbarism in a supposedly civilized country.
9973- It must certainly be committed to a foreign and internal policy not based on terrorism and thuggery and a Saddam-like quest for weapons of mass destruction.
9974- Instead of the rule of law, there would be the law of the mafia, of terrorist groups, and of tribal militias.
9975- Important differences exist, though, among the individual countries even in this respect.
9976- And, in rare cases, the vaccine itself has failed and led to infection.
9977- A Japanese flag was burned outside the foreign students' dorm.
9978- Even militarily, the US should rarely intervene alone.
9979- But look more closely at individual studies and it soon becomes obvious that most investigate physiological, metabolic, or biochemical disturbances associated with depression.
9980- It is also a way of ``banking'' the spoils of power with a view to living off the interest later.
9981- In this way the trial will gain more legitimacy and credibility, especially among the many Serbs who still need to be educated in order to realize the true extent of Milosevic's crimes.
9982- "My commitment will be to travel with you on yet another stretch of this great promenade of freedom we have been opening," Michelle Bachelet said after being elected in January.
9983- The balance depends on the poverty profile of individual countries and on whether they are food exporters or importers.
9984- The wheat seeds were thus dressed with methyl mercury and sent to Basra in Iraq's south.
9985- In short, China's initial reaction to SARS--like its disastrous early handling of its AIDS epidemic--is a throwback to its old pre-reform approach to problems.
9986- We, his fellow Argentines, bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones.
9987- In fact, projections of rapidly rising Medicare and Medicaid spending in the US -- and similarly rapidly-rising governmental health care expenditures elsewhere in the developed world -- are not so such a problem to be solved as the side effects of an opportunity to be grasped.
9988- But the Germans, undaunted by it all, simply keep celebrating one great soccer party with their newfound friends from all over the world.
9989- Ghana has never had a civil war - a badge of honor in conflict-prone sub-Saharan Africa - and three years ago staged a peaceful transfer of power from one elected government to another.
9990- Under these circumstances, one can see why people yearn for international criminal prosecutions of responsible politicians.
9991- What we are not good at is understanding what we are cheering for.
9992- Even with a weak health system, it is possible to achieve measurable mortality reduction.
9993- While the governments in Teheran and Washington appear to be strategic archrivals, in the words of former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, "there are few nations in the world with which the United States has less reason to quarrel or more compatible interests than Iran."
9994- In any case, this is an important positive outcome, because international trade is generally regarded as a key determinant of faster growth and higher efficiency.
9995- In the words of Mark Malloch-Brown, Administrator of the UN Development Program, "We're losing the battle for primary education."
9996- Portugal did so in 2001 and the Netherlands in 2003.
9997- The pattern of the past three years shows that the first order of business must be a ceasefire between the Israeli government (and all its military and intelligence agencies) and the Palestinian Authority (including all the militant factions).
9998- Any truly viable policy must get eight things right:
9999- For example, the "New International Information Order" proposed by UNESCO in the 1970s would have helped authoritarian governments restrict freedom of the press.
10000- What was good for our ancestors may not be good today.
10001- Double bladed Chinook helicopters, diverted from fighting Al-Qaida in Afghanistan, now fly over the heartland of jihad and the militant training camps in Mansehra to drop food and tents a few miles beyond.
10002- The atmosphere could not have been more tranquil: a former royal castle in the rolling hills of the Taunus region near Frankfurt, where statesmen and politicians held an annual meeting dealing with the Middle East.
10003- There is no point even trying to feed tuna anything but fish.
10004- Inequality adds color and variety to societies; it is one of the marks of lively, flexible, and innovative countries.
10005- His first offense was raising the presidential salary to $18,000 (Fujimori's was a symbolic $1,500).
10006- Some will say that it will be impossible to build good boards of directors if members can be sued; some will ponder what will happen to stocks if hard questions are asked about financial reporting by companies.
10007- Government taxes and spending are set to balance at the average oil price over a period of years.
10008- Alemán, too, faces a rebellion in his Liberal Constitutional Party (PLC), led by former Treasury Minister Eduardo Montealegre, a presidential hopeful popular in the party's liberal wing.
10009- President Bush should be made to understand that the US will find no true international support if America speaks incessantly about terrorism while doing almost nothing about the problems that really affect most of the world: poverty, lack of access to safe water and sanitation, vulnerability to disease, and climate change.
10010- If a country were at war and knew that one-third of its population were certain to perish in the next ten years, its leaders would most likely declare a state of emergency and commit every resource at their command to averting that outcome.
10011- Two other countries, Bulgaria and Romania, can aim for membership three years after that.
10012- Nowhere is this more evident than in discussions about the origins and nature of India's caste system.
10013- The US spends far more on defense than its European allies, and as a result its military capability is different in quality as well as in quantity.
10014- Critics who want a more activist, growth-oriented monetary policy have tried--albeit unsuccessfully--to soften up the 68-year-old Dutchman with personal attacks and degrading insults.
10015- He even has his own development strategy, dubbed "Thaksinomics," a self-styled approach that blends neo-liberal export-led growth with grassroots-based domestic demand.
10016- What will the EU do next?
10017- And they are able to act quickly with relatively few people, and with modest resources compared to the vast, expensive bureaucracies of democratic governments.
10018- In Yugoslavia, former Premier Victor Chernomyrdin joined Finnish President Matti Ahtissari in resolving the Kosovo crisis of 1999.
10019- This is not only a problem of personal chemistry between Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schröder.
10020- True, the campaign has brought out nuances that may turn out to be important.
10021- Moreover, rapid expansion of university education all too often comes at the expense of quality.
10022- What politician, after all, says no to a boom?
10023- The outside world currently knows little about the inner workings of the Iraqi weapons program.
10024- The biggest improvements for consumers, though, come not from privatization, but from competition.
10025- Expansions are longer and downturns shallower and shorter, because Keynesian prescriptions work.
10026- Constitutional arrangements must guarantee all entrenched groups a place in the countries' political institutions.
10027- The Tokugawa Shoguns, who completed the reunification of Japan in 1600, remained in power for more than two and a half centuries. In Korea, the Yi dynasty ruled from 1382 until the Japanese conquest of 1910.
10028- Europe's House Divided
10029- He had written that those killed deserved their fate.
10030- The near certainty that the House of Representatives will be in Republican hands, and perhaps the Senate, too, means that America's Congress will pounce on any supposed attempt by Kerry to "sell out" Bush's war.
10031- In the overwhelming majority of cases, those resources fall far short of what is required to successfully intervene in a crisis.
10032- Declining public school quality, downward pressure on funding for public higher education, and a failure of political will to make higher education affordable for everyone has produced a growing education gap among those who can and cannot afford quality education.
10033- The oil and gas pipelines are transport conduits, not real employers.
10034- Even if some Nato members want to distance themselves from this strategy, the Bush Administration unambiguously supports Nato's role as a stability network.
10035- The third change would eliminate a perverse rule, by which parties to CDM contracts can liquidate forests to buy replacement credits.
10036- Its conservative philosophy has consistently failed to produce economic growth, and the benefits of what growth has occurred have disproportionately gone to the wealthy.
10037- In short, when the EU brings subsidies, it receives congratulations; but when it pushes for unpopular reforms, it becomes the scapegoat for political, social, and economic failures.
10038- However, if the war drags on, if Baghdad comes under siege with heavy civilian casualties - or if weapons of mass destruction are actually used - all bets could be off.
10039- We have a moral obligation to do the most good that we possibly can with what we spend, so we must focus our resources where we can accomplish the most first.
10040- Child neglect and homelessness are growing.
10041- The end of the bipolar world represented a great opportunity to make the international order more humane.
10042- A decade ago, with the Maastricht Treaty, EU members agreed to respect the history, culture, and traditions of all of their constituent peoples.
10043- While many Europeans admire America's devotion to freedom, they prefer policies at home that temper the liberal economic principles of individualism with a robust welfare state.
10044- In contrast, the Malay Peninsula, including the island of Singapore, was the land of the Malays (Tanah Melayu) before the first Chinese and Indian immigrants came and settled there.
10045- It extends to mainstream hits like The Constant Gardener, in which the idealistic protagonists do battle with a malicious global pharmaceutical company that is bent on exploiting Africa's misery to test experimental drugs.
10046- He would ensure that the American public knew how the error occurred, and that whoever was responsible for it suffered the usual consequences that befall senior officials who make what was--to put the best possible interpretation on it--a grave error of judgment.
10047- To allow them to win would be to accept the supremacy of evil.
10048- On the Middle East, a difference in emphasis has become a yawning gulf.
10049- We are entering a period when good science is vital for our survival.
10050- China plans to double its hydropower capacity to over 120 GW by 2010 and to build more hydropower-projects for at least another 20 years.
10051- Instead, the welfare state must make its services available to him.
10052- It will not dethrone English as a lingua franca, but at some point, the Asian market will loom larger than the American market.
10053- The unit would be nothing more than a consumer price index, given a simple name, and published daily, so that people could use this unit and its name to quote prices in real terms.
10054- There are many other small signs that change might be possible.
10055- More vivid in people's minds are the stories they will one day tell their grandchildren about their travails and their economic heroism.
10056- Even though Taiwan may have a "right" to independence, its leaders need to remind their people that provocative actions will gain them little.
10057- N'DJAMENA, CHAD: "Since when has justice come all the way to Chad?" a former political prisoner asked as a group of torture victims discussed the idea of prosecuting the country's exiled ex-dictator Hissène Habré.
10058- Today, however, the political flashpoint over food is not that there is too little, but that there is too much.
10059- The Council of Nice in 2000 sought to restructure the Union for the time when enlargement will double its membership to 27.
10060- Some have reputations and credibility that give them impressive domestic as well as international soft power.
10061- Here are three: An independent central bank is necessary for sound macro-economic policy. The truth: countries that do not have an independent central bank, like India, manage to contain inflation as effectively as those with independent central banks.
10062- I believe the downturn would have come earlier and more precipitously.
10063- Indeed, by alienating big business and letting his wily chief of staff, Alexander Voloshin, resign, Putin has deprived himself of crucial electoral resources.
10064- As in other instances where government officials claim unanimity--such as Saddam Hussein's assertion that he obtained 100% of Iraqis' support in the plebiscite that he conducted shortly before the war--America's position is simply not credible.
10065- Given how long it has taken to get off the ground -- on-again, off-again talks dragged out over nine years -- this tribunal's very existence is a cause for celebration.
10066- Other vital issues don't respect borders.
10067- Nor was Arafat helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bush's wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq.
10068- The issue of the day was whether China's exchange rate is overvalued, and if so, what should be done about it.
10069- Hong Kong and Singapore are free ports.
10070- But Toledo's own behavior gives such arguments a ring of truth.
10071- It does not help much to sing pop songs or opera arias in the bathroom.
10072- Poland's Jacquerie
10073- That Walt Whitman and Mark Twain, Herman Melville, Henry James, and John Dos Passos had lived here, that Enescu, Brancusi, or Eugen Ionesco had been successful here in no way raised my hopes.
10074- It has a nuclear first- and second-strike capability; its own satellite communications systems; increasingly sophisticated and numerous aircraft and war ships; a rapidly growing economy to sustain high levels of military investment; as well as its own political and diplomatic points of leverage at places like the UN.
10075- Nepal's vibrant FM radio stations -- once models for decentralized public-service broadcasting and community radio -- have been prohibited from broadcasting current affairs.
10076- Japan's ground forces are to reorient their current structure, which is geared to combat capability in response to large-scale invasion, toward increased adaptability for military action in less severe circumstances.
10077- In Eastern Europe, the old leaders initially disappeared from the scene, but not for long.
10078- Control of access to Iraqi experts has always been essential to uncovering the truth about weapons and weapon programs.
10079- So the past century demonstrated time and again, which is why China - nostalgic egalitarian rhetoric notwithstanding - opted for all-out capitalism under its post-Mao rulers.
10080- Milosevic's ouster two years ago was turbulent, but no one was killed.
10081- Immigration is regarded as a deep threat by many people, so that demagogues are increasingly able to marshal resentment and grassroots support.
10082- Furthermore, the 40% decline in the exchange rate this year and recent increases in the overnight (SELIC) interest rate to 21% aggravate the situation, because much of the debt is either linked to the currency or to the SELIC rate.
10083- Why should a Frenchman or Italian in his early sixties work today, when in the 1990's he could have retired in his mid-fifties with 80% or more of his last working-age salary?
10084- Russia's ruling elite is increasingly failing to measure up to Russia's capabilities and needs.
10085- Given the history, it is no surprise that Poles do not want to sell to Germans, and luckily few Germans are interested.
10086- So instead of mistrusting one person, they grew suspicious of an institution - even of government itself.
10087- We must accept that there are limits to tolerance.
10088- Indeed, with Shiite-Sunni violence already intensifying, the Iraqi government may not be able to maintain even the appearance of effectiveness for very long.
10089- Nevertheless, a broad consensus has emerged on a number of issues.
10090- Donors have long preached the importance of a funding vehicle such as the Global Fund—one that is needs-driven, relies on local input, and promotes donor coordination.
10091- Western diplomats had their countries' economic interests to consider, but, unlike the Soviet side, they took seriously the idea of "dissidents or trade."
10092- That holiday from serious politics may be over for good.
10093- I thought again about how on his trip through Latin America, he acquired his revolutionary ideals, clarified certain questions, and added more. I loved how he was brave enough to postpone his life for a while to find his own answers.
10094- But we were not equal.
10095- Where international peacekeepers stepped in they soon abandoned all hope of making Muslims and Christians, Croats and Serbs live as neighbours again even among those who had been peaceful neighbours in the past.
10096- No one can say, but Russia's history in this regard is not a source of hope.
10097- Since most government corruption occurs at the county, township and village levels, it usually involves abuses of power by local officials.
10098- Besides, people who seek to be political leaders are born activists; if making policy doesn't provide them with enough to do, they discover other activities.
10099- Don't bet on it.
10100- Third, the Treaty makes the EU more open and more transparent.
10101- No wonder that they are demanding that the small group of those who benefit from the country's wealth start to share it.
10102- The TAL set a rigorous schedule for the Assembly to complete an initial constitutional draft, and the Assembly essentially abided by those limits.
10103- The most remarkable characteristic of globalization backlashes is how they create an odd alliance of right and left.
10104- Why France Will Sink Europe's Constitution
10105- Why are these trajectories so different?
10106- In many cases this requires drastic measures, particularly insofar as our physical security is concerned.
10107- What Russia needs is a political response to terror that takes into account its international dimension.
10108- This month, the European Parliament adopted a resolution on Afghanistan that could pave the way for a new and more open-minded approach to counter-narcotics strategies worldwide.
10109- Many "outsiders" supported right-wing populist parties in the latest elections; their votes are critical for the survival of the new center-right governments in many European countries.
10110- This is partly because the final price of an imported good reflects numerous costs such as distribution and marketing, which are unaffected by the exchange rate.
10111- We have seen wars of extermination like the one that Hitler and the Nazis waged against not just Jews and Gypsies, but Poles and Russians.
10112- Even so, the average annual gap narrowed, from 17% in 1990 to 7% in 1996, with the decline in average inflation in Latin America nothing short of spectacular -- from nearly 500% annually in 1990 to less than 8% in 1998.
10113- The rest of the world has begun to take heed, but Bush, having ignored warnings about Al Qaeda's plans prior to September 11, 2001, and having not only ignored the warnings about New Orleans levees, but actually gutted funding to shore them, has not led America to do likewise. 
10114- Such strengthening can only be achieved by a fundamental reform of the UN's internal structure.
10115- But governments also have an important role to play. By supporting the teaching of foreign languages and financing student exchanges, they can help people in the region accomplish their own goals as spelled out in the Arab Human Development Report .
10116- Russia's best special forces were sent to Beslan, but they were not given ammunition, body armor, battle plans, or operative command.
10117- In a competitive industry, where there are no excess rents, there is little to bargain about.
10118- By doing so she demonstrates the strong position her country has obtained as a member of NATO and the EU, and she will be the one riding the high moral ground.
10119- This one is.
10120- China likes to boast of its "peaceful rise."
10121- Soft power is the ability to get what one wants by attracting others rather than threatening or paying them.
10122- Parties and Populists
10123- 1.6
10124- Economic reform must be financed somehow, and if the funds are to come, at least in part, from outside the EU, the euro must be a strong currency.
10125- As to the EU's executive, the Commission, or at least its president, must be elected - in the long-term it may be elected directly by European citizens, and in the interim, at least by members of the European parliament.
10126- Likewise, in last year's ruling striking down a Texas prohibition on same-sex sodomy, the Court cited a 1967 Act of the English Parliament and a 1981 ruling of the European Court of Human Rights.
10127- Between 2004 and 2006, the number of Iraqis who said it was "very good to have an Islamic government where religious leaders have absolute power" fell from 30% to 22%.
10128- Yet problems abound for the view that morality comes from God.
10129- Sharon formulated the answer in 2004, concluding that Israel did not need the territories.
10130- Finally, America has steadfastly refused to tie its hands in the way that Europe has.
10131- On the other hand, economic life flourished earlier in the American zone, whereas the British tried to extract direct benefits by, for example, dismantling steel works and bringing the parts to Britain.
10132- A few analysts got it right.
10133- Internationally, Europe likes multilateral arrangements, whereas America prefers to go it alone.
10134- But China's long-term interest, and that of the world, requires that it get serious about domestic structural reform.
10135- He does not obey the elementary rule that when in a hole, you stop digging.
10136- Going deep into debt when you have that much money to spend takes a lot of hard work.
10137- All types of virus strains or variants exist - somewhat akin to dogs existing as different breeds.
10138- It is possible that his image as a right-of-center democrat conceals a reactionary who would like for Serbia to restore its pre-WWII monarchy and for the Orthodox Church to play a major role in political and social life.
10139- The Iraqi politico-military elite must be both targeted and approached.
10140- Education strengthens social and cultural capital, which contributes to strong and stable polities.
10141- He wrote: "So great has been the change [in standards of living] that many of the desires of the individual are no longer even evident to him. They become so only as they are synthesized, elaborated and nurtured by advertising and salesmanship, and these, in turn, have become among our most important and talented professions."
10142- We need hard power to deal with such cases.
10143- It is because of the importance of education in making me an exception that I am so deeply troubled by a recent decision of the European Court of Human Rights.
10144- If there were no longevity risk -- that is, if the probability of dying at each age in the future were reliably known -- then pension funds could easily offer life annuities to large numbers of people by investing their assets in bonds of various maturities in order to pay out just the right amount each year.
10145- -2.5
10146- Thus, they come to see with greater clarity and conviction how to approach moment-by-moment experience skillfully, taking more pleasure in the good things that often go unnoticed or unappreciated while dealing more effectively with the difficulties encountered, whether real or imagined.
10147- The title he gave to his version of the facts, after trying out ``Hiroshima as a victimization'' (the Japanese point of view) and ``Hiroshima as a triumph'' (the American point of view), was ``Hiroshima as a tragedy.''
10148- Russia could also play the role of a "transatlantic integrator," mediating the various conflicts and differences in the traditional Atlantic community.
10149- Since observation contradicts the hypothesis, modern explanations of the Moon Illusion have proposed a variety of changes to the SDIH.
10150- The success of the "balance of terror" presupposed a mixture of confrontation and dialogue between two "rational actors."
10151- The same phenomenon can be observed in the brain using functional magnetic resonance imaging (FMRI).
10152- They also have the ability to organize successfully against the market, particularly in small countries, where incumbents form a well-defined group whose members often attended the same elite schools, frequent the same clubs, and intermarry.
10153- Politicians around the world trade favors for cash needed to win elections, and they often use that cash to buy the votes of desperately poor people.
10154- If they refuse to express support for the US, on whom they rely for their security, the Americans will regard them as disloyal.
10155- Italy's most dynamic producers are small manufacturing firms in traditional sectors with relatively low technological content.
10156- 3.
10157- More importantly, Rotary's leadership on polio offers a more general lesson in the fight against extreme poverty, hunger, and disease.
10158- It is fashionable to mock the bureaucratic minutia of European regulation.
10159- At the Millennium Assembly in 2000, the US promised to pursue reduction of global poverty, yet it has taken few steps in that direction.
10160- Moreover, the federal government could boost California's economy by re-directing its expenditures to that state.
10161- For a while they succeeded.
10162- Pakistani scientist A.Q. Khan's nuclear-proliferation network - which provided lethal assistance to nations such as Libya and North Korea - has been exposed and dismantled.
10163- Each day, hundreds of interpreters literally pay lip service to this lofty precept, and millions of pages are translated annually so that citizens may consult EU law in their own language.
10164- Down through the years, I have seen despair and frustration evolve into optimism and progress and, even now, we need not give up hope for permanent peace for Israelis and freedom and justice for Palestinians if three basic premises are honored:
10165- European integration can't afford further defeats.
10166- Yet a few weeks ago, NATO held its summit meeting in the Latvian capital of Riga, formerly part of the USSR.
10167- But this metric is very deceptive.
10168- The resulting government will then ask the occupation troops to leave, say, within a year.
10169- Third, the court site is located in a military compound far from downtown Phnom Penh.
10170- Canada, the western United States, Australia, New Zealand, Chile, Argentina, Uruguay, and South Africa: all were developed due to imported capital a century ago.
10171- We will then end up with an agreement that will have been wildly oversold and is certain to lead to disappointment in the future -- especially in developing nations.
10172- They will thus be net security contributors rather than mere consumers, making our Alliance even stronger. Deepening Partnerships: The attacks of "9/11" were masterminded by a Saudi who lived in Central Asia, planned by people from the Eastern and Southern shores of the Mediterranean living in Western Europe, and carried out in North America.
10173- Admittedly, there is still a fierce debate over the right way to assist poor countries, and this will play out behind the scenes at the G-8 summit.
10174- Historical denial is no less evident in Croatia, where the polarities of blame and suffering have simply been reversed.
10175- In democratic countries, if politicians who are critical of others while in opposition prove to be ineffective when in government, voters can - and often do - punish their dishonesty at the ballot box.
10176- From their perspective, Iran is now a closed party -- their party -- and the less who join in, the merrier.
10177- The two countries' recent rapprochement marks a huge change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas.
10178- That investors evidently felt better protected in China than they did in Russia is perhaps no surprise to anyone who has observed the evolution of Russia's legal system over the last decade.
10179- The new futures market for single-family homes at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (which I helped establish last May with our firm MacroMarkets LLC) is predicting that by next August prices will fall between 6% and 8% in all ten US cities traded.
10180- Instead of suppressing the terrorists, they have been treated as part of the solution to instability in the Balkans.
10181- Mega cities put demands on regional economies, peacemaking efforts, and economic and human development.
10182- We should begin our reforms in the most conservative way, by rediscovering and rededicating ourselves to the meaning of the title we professors hold.
10183- Saddam's brutality within Iraq also served his neighbors' purposes.
10184- There is still much work to be done, both to comprehend schizophrenia and develop more effective treatments.
10185- The Arab world has been relatively stable for the past decade or two. The assassinations, coups, and social disorder that dominated the region between 1945 and 1990 have virtually disappeared, the two big exceptions being the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait and the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
10186- Why has that deal apparently collapsed?
10187- In the end, is this really a question of lying?
10188- The policy is also suspect because the success of spawning is notoriously variable from year to year.
10189- The strategy we chose was to "balance and integrate."
10190- But this line of reasoning flies in the face of basic economic theory and common sense, which hold that trade is based on each country exporting goods that reflect its relative (or comparative) advantage.
10191- Before World War I, Europe's civil-law countries were developing securities markets as fast as the US and the UK.
10192- International equity funds stepped in, providing companies with urgently needed liquidity while disentangling the traditional ownership network. Germany, Inc. is on its last legs.
10193- The weight of mutual historical grievances (real and imaginary), the varied and disparate constituencies that both leaders must address, and the thorny nature of the Kashmir question promise that this summit will, at best, result in the initiation of a process of consultation and dialogue.
10194- While there are pockets of high quality community-based services in most of the region's countries, tens of thousands of people with mental disabilities are still living in institutions, and most of them have no prospect of ever leaving.
10195- By the same logic, state officials should bear responsibility for acts of terrorism committed under their authority.
10196- After the Taliban
10197- Globalization has meant closer international integration, and that in turn has meant a greater need for collective action.
10198- International lawyers commonly confuse the concepts of necessity and proportionality, claiming that both apply in wars of self‑defense.
10199- Once pushing industrialization at the expense of agriculture, African leaders routinely ignored ordinary farmers.
10200- This approach appealed to the vast majority of Israelis, regardless of their political loyalties, and the victory in January's Palestinian election by Hamas, which extols terrorism and demands Israel's extinction, only reinforced the new strategic consensus.
10201- Providing consumers with a way to make low-cost telephone calls over the Internet.
10202- Not so in Italy, where the main site of electoral competition has always been within the governing coalition.
10203- The precariousness of the situation called for early and dramatic declines in interest rates driven by an early restoration in confidence.
10204- Like all insurgencies, public support -- or the lack of it -- will determine the outcome.
10205- But there is a limit to greed.
10206- How can you match up something that's never been found?
10207- Turf battles with NATO intrude, as well as competition between the EU's executive Commission and the member-based Council.
10208- But most Serbs were beginning to believe that the ballot and not the gun was becoming the dominant tool of politics.
10209- But this conservatism should not be mistaken for violent radicalism, as America, unfortunately, has done.
10210- Although it is clear that a return to the old Soviet Union is not possible, some blame Russian influence for the disillusion in Ukraine.
10211- Indeed, opinion polls in America show little popular taste for empire and continuing support for multilateralism and using the UN.
10212- Indeed, in the context of his age, Friedman was a true intellectual revolutionary, combining rigorous academic research and gracefully written popular books and journalism to argue for free-market policies -- and to affirm the link, defended by writers from Adam Smith to Friedrich von Hayek, between economic freedom and political liberty.
10213- Atlas Slumps
10214- In 1970, steel box-girder bridges in Milford Haven, Wales, and in Melbourne, Australia, failed spontaneously while under construction.
10215- There is nothing wrong with imposing market discipline on countries that follow unsound policies, but the risk-reward ratio for lending and investing has shifted too far against the periphery.
10216- One way of thinking about this is the following: assume that the nations of the world wish to maintain reserves equal to a fixed percentage of their GDP.
10217- In most cases, geography plays an important role in success or failure.
10218- Extreme heat also limits mosquito survival.
10219- Rather, it should mean that certain principles of respect, consultation, and deliberation become part of everyday life.
10220- They also adopt a liberal attitude toward women's head covering, as well as their political participation and travel, which should be determined individually.
10221- Many stood up to the US as it pushed for the war in Iraq.
10222- Others assert that the world was created 2,000 years ago.
10223- As an escape artist, indeed, it even beats Brazil!
10224- But now that America and its coalition have proven themselves to be incapable of bringing stability to Iraq on their own, the French and German governments can no longer rest and smugly say, "I told you so," as the situation deteriorates even further.
10225- Why has this popular nationalism emerged?
10226- In agriculture, small farmers would be placed on a collision course with US agro-business and their heavily subsidized farm exports.
10227- The argument for the latter is simple: with national currencies eliminated and everything priced in Euros, how can similar cars or loaves of bread have different prices on either side of a border?
10228- Only the other four founding members of what was the European Community--Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg--were admitted into the innermost circle of Europe's true believers.
10229- Such a referendum may also concentrate minds among the Arab Sunnis and Shia in Iraq, when they come to realize that it is their violence that is dismantling Iraq.
10230- Consensus on most of the draft has existed for some time.
10231- Your Genes or Mine, How Different Are We?
10232- Likewise, there was criticism of the government's recent decision to expel three Iraqi diplomats for activities threatening Jordan's security.
10233- What makes the global greenback proposal attractive is that it provides the funds poor countries need while contributing to global economic growth, stability, and equity.
10234- A consensus is emerging that the gap between the US economy's growth potential and its actual performance will remain large for some time to come.
10235- Spying on Eros
10236- Here again, Iraq's immediate past history allows one to be optimistic.
10237- With the 5150, IBM moved into mass production of a standardized commodity using components produced by other companies. "Big Blue" (as IBM is known) allowed other companies (notably the infant Microsoft) to develop its software.
10238- The philosopher Karl Popper had ample reason to propose a precise definition of democracy.
10239- But if the Union encroaches on your rights, access to a court may be closed because the Union happens to have no legal personality!
10240- The Bush administration gave $250 billion per year in tax cuts to the richest Americans, raised military spending by $150 billion per year, and then turned to the poorest people of the world and told them that there is no money available to meet America's promise.
10241- Europe's Solidarity under Siege
10242- The new Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria, which was initiated by U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan earlier this year and will begin operation in 2002, can be a critical mechanism here.
10243- By its very nature, war creates innocent victims, and this even more likely when it is waged against terrorists, because terrorists tend to keep their whereabouts hidden.
10244- Unfortunately, human memory fades with time, and new generations of engineers with no vivid experience of past failures can proceed with hubris to design again beyond wise limits.
10245- But, as in Colombia, the effort to militarize the "war on drugs" and the "war on terrorism" seems likely only to generate more disorder.
10246- When they entrusted him with responsibility for convening the constituent assembly, the Bolsheviks knew what they wanted to do with the constituent assembly, because they knew Stalin as a person who would not stop at anything.
10247- To be sure, sophisticated bone tools, such as harpoons, spear points, and awls, seem to have appeared in Africa 90,000 years ago, much earlier than in the rest of the world.
10248- The US will have to find agreement with its allies and enter into direct talks with all the other players to try and achieve a new regional consensus.
10249- It will also incite fears of chaos in our neighbors.
10250- While any definition of terrorism has problems at the margins, the core of terrorism is clear enough to permit efforts to de-legitimize it.
10251- Sometimes, they change headlines that they think are critical of the royal move.
10252- In Berlin, as in other large German cities, taxis sport the flags of their drivers' home countries -- from Angola to Saudi Arabia.
10253- If that happens, the Russia-China debate might be revived, this time as a comparison of competitive decadence.
10254- The current state of affairs is all the more depressing because global economic growth in the past four years has been the fastest since the early 1970's.
10255- Throughout the PLA's history, a chief tactic has always been to launch asymmetrical attacks on an enemy's command and communication centers, thus obviating direct confrontations where parity in technological development would determine a clearer definition of victory and defeat.
10256- New information technologies account for perhaps 80% of the acceleration in US productivity.
10257- But if the government thought that this mid-way position would finesse its European predicament by appeasing the large anti-European majority in the UK without gratuitously offending the EU's other members, it was quickly disabused.
10258- According to this view, the principal problem faced by central banks will not be restraining demand as it shoots above potential, but boosting demand as it lags behind potential.
10259- By contrast, George W. Bush's administration took office with stunningly good cards: a budget in substantial surplus, a trend of rapid productivity growth as the information-technology revolution reached critical mass, and a very low "natural" rate of unemployment.
10260- In the earlier rounds of European integration, from the 1950's to the 1980's, the big states received very obvious gains, which their politicians could easily present as such to voters.
10261- Kaliningrad could be a litmus test of these relations.
10262- But revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by A. Q. Khan, the father of Pakistan's bomb, confirm the danger I predicted back then.
10263- Either some divine being crafted our moral sense, or we picked it up from the teachings of organized religion.
10264- Ignoring the various dimensions of suicide bombing, and the outlook of the groups responsible, America and its allies have been left helpless to comprehend, much less address, the largely indifferent reaction of many Muslims to the US-led "war on terror." By regarding all suicide bombers as irrational fanatics, rather than drawing distinctions between millenarians and nationalists, the US and its allies have ceded crucial political ground to groups like Al Qaeda and JI that insist on the impossibility of negotiating with Islam's "enemies."
10265- Especially in Chinese villages, people know how their neighbors are faring.
10266- Indeed, Hindus, Christians, and Buddhists have been targeted as well, and religious extremists more recently have attacked Sufi shrines deemed to be idolatrous, and even Bengali cultural events that unite all religions in a common identity.
10267- Thus, the meeting in Mainz will be one of those diplomatic courtesy calls that gloss over important bilateral differences.
10268- Monitored and oppressed for 45 years, Iraqis have lost faith in the political system and turned inward, to tribalism and religious/ethnic factionalism.
10269- But the concrete policies needed to realize this aim are not, since reforming the welfare state and labor markets means more competition, which scares many citizens.
10270- He will soon be exposed for what he is and above all for what he is not."
10271- Indeed, until recently, most people took little notice of China.
10272- Morales' actions are widely supported by Bolivians, who see the so-called privatizations (or "capitalizations") under former President Gonzalo "Goni" Sanchez de Lozada as a rip-off: Bolivia received only 18% of the proceeds!
10273- India will need some help, at least temporarily, from richer countries and international institutions like the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank.
10274- In the short run, the invasion of Iraq has created an intensifying insurgency and incipient civil war.
10275- The United States seems as capable of barbarism as anyone else, as the abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison make clear.
10276- Humbled by economic malaise and loss of influence, the French are scared.
10277- When Einstein added new abstractions to the language of physics, the identity of space and time changed.
10278- So integration was hedged by realism in case things went wrong.
10279- Unrestrained zeal to make the world better could make it worse. Promoting democracy must be undertaken with humility, care, and wisdom.
10280- When the European enterprise started, there were three small and three large countries; but almost all the new members are small countries.
10281- George Santayana, the Spanish-American poet and philosopher, once warned that "Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it." This is especially true in the field of bridge building, where over the past 150 years dramatic failures have occurred at surprisingly regular intervals.
10282- Similarly, the government proclaims bold intentions to tackle reform of Italy's deeply indebted pension system, but lacks the political leverage to realize change.
10283- At the same time, Brazil - which has followed sound economic policies and has healthy budget and trade surpluses - cannot refinance its debt at acceptable rates.
10284- Trying to pool these traditions may look like trying to square a circle.
10285- But if we are not, we could witness the emergence of a new and dangerous political fault line in East Asia.
10286- American uneasiness about the prevailing body of international law dealing with conflicts is not entirely frivolous.
10287- Worse still, we would bring this conflict into our own societies, where different religious and cultural traditions are now inextricably mingled.
10288- Europe's peoples have sanctioned limiting their own governments powers so as to achieve peace across Europe.
10289- To understand what is happening militarily in Japan today, there is no better approach than to examine the soul of the Japanese state one hundred years ago.
10290- Older children sit in classrooms with much younger children, growing frustrated and violent, rather than becoming role models for others to emulate.
10291- Inequality and Discontent
10292- Comparable sums must be spent on understanding and changing health behaviors that are most likely to bring about disease.
10293- The power to achieve democratic change is in our hands.
10294- Any creature that reproduces sexually is made up of a unique combination of its species' gene set, which it inherits from its parents. All humans, for example, have the same set of genes--the same genetic context--but not exactly the same versions of each gene.
10295- Was it good for the boy, people asked, to be separated from his father?
10296- When it comes to the formation of governments, women have managed to break out of the prison of their traditional domains, such as education and social affairs.
10297- In addition, Rogozin is a pro-Putin politician, which is also very important to the bulk of voters, and he has managed to confirm this not only verbally, but also bureaucratically, by his work as the president's special representative for Kaliningrad Oblast affairs.
10298- Russia indicates that it is willing to provide such fuel services.
10299- While the size of the central government fell dramatically, with employment at the State Council halved from 34,000 to 17,000, corruption continued to fester.
10300- A wage premium based solely on citizenship is grating.
10301- The WTO, like all other institutions, has its shortcomings.
10302- Ensuring Latin American nations' autonomy in the global economy is yet another vital question that must be debated, because it is essential that national governments have the power to execute their citizens' will.
10303- As he himself put it, "I earned capital in the campaign … and now I intend to spend it."
10304- But whether they belong to the extreme right or the communist left, they represent barely 20% of the electorate.
10305- Around the world, oil and gas companies have themselves to blame: too often, they have resisted calls for greater transparency.
10306- Several events in November give hope for a stronger international community, with consequent economic benefits.
10307- A Georgian Marshall Plan, with a strategic economic development plan and specified milestones, holds promise because the government would be able and willing to design and implement a viable program.
10308- A huge mistake was made (for a variety of reasons) at Kyoto.
10309- Improving security and the rule of law must include destroying the opium trade.
10310- The task of the Commission is to drive forward the EU's agenda in the common interest.
10311- Witness Catholicism's pro-democratic transformation.
10312- The pact would become meaningless under such circumstances.
10313- Seven had annual per capita income levels exceeding $5,500 in the period from 1972 to 2000 but no significant political rights for three consecutive years.
10314- Rightly so: enlargement of NATO is not an "expansion" that threatens Russia or other countries which strive for democratic political reforms.
10315- Many scientific disciples are going through a revolution, and a lot of those ideas -- sometimes revolutionary ideas -- are bubbling up from labs and research centers that are unaffiliated with large institutions.
10316- Democrats question tough-minded programs; Republicans criticize bailouts; nobody has anything constructive to offer. But criticism of the IMF not only comes from the American right.
10317- They buy expensive toys to maximize their child's learning potential and spend much more on private schools or after school tutoring in the hope that he or she will excel on the tests that determine entry to elite universities.
10318- An agreement should contain provisions to improve the business environment -- its transparency and predictability -- by setting a framework for state intervention without stripping government of its prerogatives.
10319- If we look back at irrational claims of individual self-defense--McVeigh, Amir, and others--we see that their fears were based on private evidence not shared by more than a small circle of friends and co-conspirators, at most.
10320- Blair ought to have known that politics is a pitiless business.
10321- It took decades to become real, and there are still countries that have a long way to go.
10322- But nor, on the other hand, is it clear that the existing organs of the Palestinian Authority -- especially the security services at its disposal -- will allow a peaceful transfer of power. Indeed, no such precedent exists: there has never been a peaceful transfer of power in any of the Arab League's 22 member states.
10323- Popper pointed out that an open society can be endangered by abstract, universal ideologies like communism and fascism.
10324- Our ordinary standards of decency and righteousness cannot always be applied - but not because cynicism and hypocrisy are all that matter in politics.
10325- Profits for drug traffickers downstream will be almost 20 times that amount.
10326- Similarly, miners bussed by their managers to Kiev were soon being convinced of the ‘Orange' cause by the demonstrators and were quickly sent back East by their minders.
10327- Independent thinking is an underestimated factor.
10328- I know that we have come a long way, and I do not want to go back.
10329- Indeed, it looks like that is what will be needed.
10330- The problem is that most of Africa is too poor to mobilize the methods of prevention (bed nets) and treatments (anti-malarial medicines) that could save millions of children every year.
10331- Such insurance ­should be attractive to homeowners if it is offered as an add-on to their existing insurance policies.
10332- Once, the "New Economy" was thought to mean the end of the business cycle.
10333- In Sweden, it has probably been enough to whisper "Ericsson" and "Volvo" to make Primer Minister Göran Persson understand what is at stake for his country commercially.
10334- And they will be crucial to forging new cooperative approaches to climate change, water scarcity, and the like.
10335- In this troubled part of the world, the choice is, quite simply, one between regionalism and barbarism.
10336- But what if our wish is granted?
10337- But in the swing of the pendulum the excesses of yesterday will incite greater scrutiny and a tougher rulebook for business in the future.
10338- Turkey's secular bureaucratic establishment has traditionally been pro-West but with a strong dose of nationalism.
10339- Our political systems and global politics are largely unequipped for the real challenges of today's world.
10340- These alarming events in the art world have taken place against a background of rising nationalism and Orthodox assertiveness in Russia.
10341- Of course, the ECB has had its problems--mainly in the communications area--and Duisenberg's candor sometimes did get him into trouble.
10342- Many scientists were skeptical about the human genome project.
10343- Since the birth of agriculture, human history has been a steady progression of further liberation from the restraints of nature.
10344- Europe began its own American-style debate on the origins of life when Cardinal Christoph Schönborn of Vienna cast doubt on the acceptability of Darwinism and evolutionary theory to people who see themselves as faithful Roman Catholics.
10345- The urban intelligentsia and professionals have been pampered with material perks and political recognition, while new private entrepreneurs have been allowed to join the Party.
10346- No matter what criterion one uses, Japan's economy remains the most closed among OECD countries and one of the most closed in the world.
10347- Even when people feel we have not lived up to the standards expected of a world city, we are glad to be held to a high benchmark, because it keeps us on our toes.
10348- The Greek Cypriot example shows that it is simply not true that the occupied have no recourse other than violence and terrorism.
10349- I can hardly think of a better way for the EU to dishonor the noble ideals of freedom, equality, and human rights that the Union espouses -- indeed, principles that it reiterates in its constitutional agreement.
10350- Is it to curb weapons of mass destruction?
10351- But there is relatively less pleasure in public displays of consumption at a time when the prevailing national story is one of triumph over adversity.
10352- In some cases, they are individuals like President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela (and other Latin American leaders) or Italy's ex-Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
10353- Some Europeans apparently regard Cuba as a faraway country whose fate they need take no interest in, because they have problems of their own.
10354- Because all of them compete for these proportional seats, government infighting remains acute.
10355- Soon, high interest rates strained the country's budget.
10356- Those protest leaders, now in power, have been at each other's throats ever since.
10357- Since the Oslo Accords of l993 between Israel and the PLO, the Palestinians enjoyed limited transitional autonomy.
10358- Perhaps this is one reason why many in East Central Europe believe that EU funds, while helpful, are less important than being part of a united Europe, with the expanded opportunities that its common rules imply.
10359- A cynic might be tempted to say that when politicians run out of ideas, they turn to making or changing the constitution.
10360- That vision, however, was not in the cards even before the recent setbacks.
10361- Most economists believe that central banks should only target inflation, which means cutting interest rates only when the economy slows down and inflation falls--which is precisely what the ECB has been doing.
10362- The Commission, chaired by the presidents of Finland and Tanzania, has 24 members (of whom I was one) drawn from different nationalities, interests groups, and intellectual persuasions, including members as diverse as the head of Toshiba and the leader of the AFL-CIO.
10363- But there is interest in the Netherlands, and some Poles bizarrely suspect the Dutch of wanting to take over the country.
10364- The lesson from the Ukraine episode is that while Russia is less of a gas superpower than it would appear, Europe would be wise for to start building greater diversity into the energy relationship.
10365- The only real alternative is to do all the fighting itself.
10366- This Russia is neither capable, nor desirous of, full integration with the West.
10367- As the US current-account deficit rose over the past half-decade, international economists have lined up to predict doom: returns on assets invested in the US are relatively low, so at some point - probably all at once - holders of dollar-denominated securities will realize that the risk of suffering a major crash in value is not being adequately compensated.
10368- Although he has opened Syria's border to jihadists and has allowed Saddam's supporters to operate freely there, that choice may not be entirely his.
10369- To Russia's so-called reformers, the enormous concentration of ownership in Russia that emerged in the 1990's is of no concern, so long as it generates growth.
10370- To promote democracy and open government might be the ultimate solution, but it stands on a shaky conceptual foundation of untested assumptions about the nature of the world and diverse cultures.
10371- The Democratic Hopes of Iraqis
10372- The ongoing Darfur conflict illustrates the problem.
10373- Or do they want a loose economic club, based essentially on a single economic market, with a few optional add-ons of a political nature?
10374- We will continue to ask them without his leadership and prompting?
10375- There is no spokesperson for the cosmopolitan class, no organization that could be blamed for what is happening.
10376- The same is true in systems where there is a strong sense of bureaucratic entitlement.
10377- We found that populations with at least 10% MDR-TB showed a notable reduction in successful outcomes.
10378- But they can be partly overcome with intensive training in Cambodian and international law and complex investigative techniques. This must be reinforced by vigorous independent monitoring throughout the process.
10379- Instead of holding their reserves in dollars, a new form of global money - ``global greenbacks'' - could be issued which countries could hold in reserve.
10380- Rumsfeld said that Bush's statement was "technically accurate."
10381- But Friedman's consistent anti-statism also led him to embrace positions that ran afoul of many conservatives' political sensibilities, underscoring the intellectual honesty that was the hallmark of his career.
10382- Everything depends on our idea of human nature.
10383- Mind the Gap
10384- Record levels of military expenditures are the only major source of expansion, and while such expenditures may be necessary and do stimulate the economy in the short run, they do not enhance its long-term competitiveness and strength.
10385- The result is the same: worse access to new technology, higher prices for consumers, and a chilling effect on innovation and local entrepreneurship.
10386- There's always a crisis of elections in Africa.
10387- The fact that most countries are completing the demographic transition does not guarantee that all will.
10388- Yet one in every three young people is unemployed.
10389- So, by that point, France's four main political parties, two on the left and two on the right, must prepare their party manifestoes and choose candidates.
10390- Of course, a cosmopolitan class is hardly new.
10391- I said to myself, "I'm going to have to go about things in a more democratic way."
10392- But four years of democratic rule have not brought Nigerians much relief, with the majority still living below the poverty line.
10393- Rural people became mired in squalor.
10394- 6.
10395- Meanwhile, the new government failed to investigate numerous war crimes, miscarriages of justice, and the corruption of the Tudjman era.
10396- But while Western Europe's post-war institutional order has worked almost miraculously well in historical terms, voters have narrower views and focus on more private concerns.
10397- That slogan defined, and cynically mocked, the do-nothing Brezhnev era of stagnation.
10398- Implementation of this plan would not only give a boost to the rule of law, but also would enhance security and lead to better governance.
10399- Where this happens, an explosive condition can arise, a kind of separatism within, not by historically separate groups but by newcomers against natives.
10400- But for over a decade, Dr. Khan had openly advertised his nuclear wares.
10401- Today the EU elects its Parliament, shares a single currency, and controls a budget that emphasizes raising living standards within the less developed member countries.
10402- The relatively successful election in Iraq is a major victory for democracy, but not necessarily for liberal reform in the Middle East.
10403- There are always trade-offs between policies.
10404- But Reinfeldt, like Jacques Chirac, has forgotten something. Liberal-minded people may very well prefer not just to exchange one cynical prime minister for another at the next election.
10405- With the help of these Pioneers and Rangers, President Bush is on track to collect $200 million.
10406- Yes, it is true.
10407- Because Haitians are poor.
10408- For patients, diagnostic classifications provide the framework for understanding their own and others' disease processes.
10409- However much one may favor multiethnic nation-states, once such a construction has failed, it is imperative to listen to popular sentiment.
10410- There can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation--and possibly three generations--behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy, and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to master technology.
10411- In general, the poorer the country, the lower the ranking: tied for last place are Chad and Bangladesh.
10412- The hudna worked out between militant Palestinian groups and the Palestinian Authority (with the knowledge of the Americans) clearly lacked a major component: Israel's assent to the agreement.
10413- It would certainly be more entertaining that the current framework, and, who knows, it might even inspire better policy.
10414- They turned out in droves to vote in an election that former US President Jimmy Carter described as honest, fair and unmarked by violence.
10415- I wanted to sit with him for a beer and a cigarette to talk about his love for chess or his favorite books.
10416- I still don't know how much of an artist I have become, but I grasp what Brancusi was saying.
10417- But it is vital to move quickly beyond rhetoric if we are to deal effectively with Europe's "Northern Dimension."
10418- Moreover, Shell also operates a joint venture partnership between the NNPC, the French oil company Elf, and Agip of Italy.
10419- Pressures will be formidable to buy where prices are low and sell, or at least not to buy, where prices are high.
10420- Yet an exception might be warranted where a violation of the deficit ceiling has led to fiscal tightening in line with advice from the Commission and endorsed by Ecofin.
10421- A second test lies in American handling of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
10422- Is there really that much reason why the Scots and Welsh should be part of the same national state as the English?
10423- Insurance companies and mortgage companies ought to be willing to offer such products if they can hedge the home-price risks in liquid derivative markets.
10424- Serfdom, indenture, slavery, and the caste system all served this end.
10425- Topics such as totalitarianism or exile may say a lot about my life and my writing, but however important, they don't in themselves tell about a piece of literature.
10426- Let the Cold War end, they said, and then we will see France and Germany begin to rattle their sabers again, for that is the tragedy of international power politics.
10427- They will discuss how to reinforce the success the international community has had in helping to build a new, democratic Afghanistan.
10428- As chairman of the PLO, he will be under extreme pressure not to delegitimize the internationally sanctioned acts of resistance against Israeli military targets.
10429- In order to limit the consequences of disagreement, Americans should explain their position and offer alternatives when a proposed international arrangement is deemed undesirable.
10430- Instead of rejoicing in the liberal order, those of us who have the pleasure of living under it have had to struggle to keep it intact and strong.
10431- Worst of all, the US is in danger of losing control of the campaign as all those regimes and governments fighting local terrorists in America's name obscure the fight against global terrorism.
10432- Indeed, Putin's signature characteristic is to be all men for all Russia's people.
10433- Until China sees its economic interests in Africa as tied to the continent's political development, such horrors will continue.
10434- It can be argued that this process has gone too far, posing an obstacle to research that is of great importance for the developing world.
10435- Political failure killed Ché, and illness took Evita's life, possibly saving her from the kind of political calamity that befell her husband a few years later.
10436- A high price was paid for that ignorance.
10437- For reasons of history and as a matter of law, both the Cambodian government and the international community share responsibility for making this court a success.
10438- The irony is that it was the US that built some of the longest lasting alliances and institutions the modern world has seen, and that were central to American power for over half a century.
10439- While there would certainly be geopolitical responses, the world would be in deep trouble for years even if oil started flowing again.
10440- In recent decades, however, macroeconomic policy in most developing countries has become more pro-cyclical , largely exacerbating the volatility of international financial markets and commodity prices.
10441- Developing countries are blessed with some of the world's most precious natural resources.
10442- Suddenly, however, this secular commitment is no longer so clear.
10443- A state threatened by terrorist attacks originating in another state might feel less patient than a majority of the Council about what is the "last resort."
10444- Lying Politicians
10445- This is Manicheanism of the left, and, like Manicheanism of the political right, it can distort reality to the point of becoming divorced from it.
10446- I suggest, however, that it is not mediation that is needed: what the Palestinians need now are partners.
10447- At the same time, Iraqi attitudes show a strong reaction to daily violence.
10448- Verbal messages expressed by voices often are highly emotional.
10449- Messages, snatches of diary entries, and photos are plastered on the hospital's walls.
10450- Those who stole must be prosecuted in order to send a concrete signal that a new era has dawned.
10451- Consequently, Khamenei's evident lack of religious legitimacy has pushed the government to assume full control over the clerical establishment, further depriving the seminaries of their historical independence.
10452- Above all, the new Rada (parliament) will settle down to the business of enacting laws and monitoring the government, not carving up the budget among corrupt clans.
10453- Journalists seem especially ignorant.
10454- Maybe it is time, though, to look at why South America's peoples are voting for candidates who question free trade and America's military policy in the region.
10455- Yet there is a sense that progress and understanding will require something new -- an economics of virtuous circles, thresholds, and butterfly effects, in which small changes have very large effects.
10456- In India and Pakistan, Kashmir is the national question.
10457- The UN's experience in Lebanon is not encouraging.
10458- Land was relatively abundant and allocated by tribal chiefs without regard to Western-style property rights.
10459- The question is whether change will be forced upon us by a crisis or result from careful, democratic deliberation and debate.
10460- -1.7
10461- To save it, the bigger ones will indeed have to take the lead.
10462- Jospin's program failed to diminish these twin ills primarily because French society is divided between a large public sector and a dynamic private sector, much of which is increasingly being driven outside the country because of high taxation and endless bureaucracy.
10463- Instead of hundreds of dead civilians, the Israelis were losing one or two a day.
10464- Three brain areas - the hippocampus, the prefrontal cortex, and the amygdala - are particularly susceptible to pathological changes in size and function.
10465- Iran probably needs two or three years to develop a nuclear weapon.
10466- Listening to the financial pundits, however, it often seems that history no longer matters.
10467- The Coming St. Putinsburg Summit
10468- For some analysts, it is good, because it reveals a nation's political maturity.
10469- It has actively led regional multilateral joint exercises, such as the naval joint exercise that India's navy hosted in the Andaman Sea, in the eastern Indian Ocean, earlier this year.
10470- In practice, of course, international financial markets never have been left to their own devices.
10471- It may be that these shared values make it more difficult to find the much-desired European identity. But feeding anti-American sentiment, however unintentionally, into the European construction would be intellectually dishonest, morally suspect, and politically dangerous for all freedom-loving Europeans.
10472- If Japan's economy were a computer, it would have a hard disk full of obsolescent programs and a "delete" button that doesn't work.
10473- It is in your best interest to retain the role of the victim, rather than receive reparation.
10474- The UN has tried to delimit the scope of self-defense, but it goes too far by permitting states to resort to force only if "an armed attack occurs."
10475- As someone who was intimately involved in economic policy making in the US, I have always been struck by the divergence between the policies that America pushes on developing countries and those practiced in the US itself.
10476- Children go to work at relatively young ages, and the prevalence of low wages--particularly for women--means that the cost of parental time is negligible relative to other opportunities.
10477- We can do it knowing that the great sweep of human history is for freedom - and that it is on our side.
10478- Aside from the Kurdish issue, their attention is now focused on Cyprus as well.
10479- This process will probably carry the cost of prolonging the emergence of a single European political loyalty (if one ever does emerge).
10480- The environmental impact of 1.5 billion inhabitants forms the other major challenge.
10481- Who Needs the Social Sciences?
10482- Careful studies need to be done to determine available energy, land, mineral, and biological resources before projects proceed.
10483- Abbas and other PA officials stress the need for "one regime, one legal system, and political pluralism."
10484- The very question of which states of mind, characteristics, and circumstances a language has words for tells us something about cultural peculiarities.
10485- In the 21st century, we are returning to the ways of the 19th century.
10486- So will India be able to provide a comfortable home for 1.5 billion people?
10487- There is, sad to say, a lack of sincerity on the part of governments across this continent when it comes time to give people the right to choose.
10488- This entails new opportunities, no doubt, but also new risks.
10489- Elite military units usually protect radio and television stations, because they have often been the first targets in military coups.
10490- It was not really the first personal computer, but it turned out to be "The Personal Computer," and it revolutionized not just business life, but also the way people thought about the world.
10491- The pre-1998 period of economic decline, on their view, reflected a stalled transition process, whereas the ruble crisis finally jolted the authorities into action, with recovery following implementation of far-reaching reforms.
10492- Setting up such a judiciary is difficult and takes time.
10493- Such a deal can be struck now, but only by avoiding the useless debate over who blocked peace in the past.
10494- The taxi market in Ireland is deregulated, and fares there are cheap.
10495- American leaders will welcome her election as proof that the estrangement in bilateral relations is over.
10496- Japan is really the only example of advanced-country deflation in the post-1945 era.
10497- For example, Aristotle in the third century BC and Ptolemy in the second century AD incorrectly attributed the illusion to the magnifying properties of the atmosphere.
10498- Despite massive evidence to the contrary, many people -- not least theologians -- fear that we live in a secular age.
10499- One side may be talking about absolute poverty, the other about relative poverty. Moreover, average findings conceal large differences: in some countries the poor can benefit from economic growth, in others they may be too deprived to take advantage of it.
10500- In reality, however, these judges make it easier for insiders to appoint their friends, rather than for the quality of research and teaching to determine who is hired.
10501- As a result, the past 12-18 months have seen a shift in perceptions of Russia: from a strengthening partner and potential ally to a weakening rival.
10502- Nevertheless, such commonalities do not explain political and radical Islam.
10503- Brazilian President Luis Inacio "Lula" da Silva was photographed boarding the Tikuna, his country's first conventional, domestically built submarine.
10504- As a progressive party, PASOK has every interest in Turkey's progress on democratic reforms.
10505- The Commission on Macroeconomics and Health launched its Report on December 20 optimistic that the great battle against disease and poverty will now be joined in earnest.
10506- The remaining options are said to fall into three groups: "grand scientific quandaries" (such as uniting gravity and electricity into one theory) which require a huge investment and first world infrastructure; "data collection," which is the field work associated with archeological digs and biological/genetic surveys; and "science-informed problems," such as combating AIDS or addressing global warming.
10507- Having the army uproot Jewish settlements - with inevitable scenes of settlers resisting and being dragged off - will be a traumatic event for the country.
10508- Only by embracing their shared values can Europeans prevent their Union from becoming a spiritless machine.
10509- Indeed, reforms announced by Blair increasingly sound like empty promises, because the apparently inevitable has happened: the Prime Minister has lost touch with the public.
10510- In the 19
10511- Necessity may also lead to reducing or even eliminating sovereignty when a government, whether from a lack of capacity or conscious policy, is unable to provide for the basic needs of its citizens.
10512- Ten years ago, Wolfgang Schäuble and Karl Lamers suggested the formation of a "core Europe," a group of countries that would speed up integration among themselves.
10513- Jacques Chirac was re-elected president with 82% of the vote because of the menace from the extreme right.
10514- Long gone are the days when US Foreign Service officers drove Jeeps to remote regions of the Third World to show reel-to-reel movies to isolated villagers.
10515- Such a practical, effective EU may not reach the lofty rhetorical aspirations beloved by politicians, but it will not be moribund.
10516- Cardinal Wojtyla's election as Pope therefore had a significance far beyond the confines of the Church.
10517- Sheikh Yamani, Saudi Arabia's former oil minister and a founding architect of OPEC, once said, "The stone age came to an end not for a lack of stones, and the oil age will end, but not for a lack of oil."
10518- This is a realistic ambition.
10519- At the moment, revenues are diverted away from the regions to the center and then dispatched abroad ­- the oligarchs' wealth of billions comes from fleecing the Russian provinces.
10520- Another unspoken consideration may have been at work in the Guantanamo Bay case, which has garnered considerable international attention.
10521- We defy those who seek to corrupt our democracy, but we stand with the hand of friendship extended to all of our neighbors, including Russia.
10522- Moreover, there were real surprises.
10523- The information revolution has also helped terrorists, providing inexpensive means of communication and organization that allow groups once restricted to local and national police jurisdictions to become global.
10524- Basic indicators of economic and social development show SSA lagging far behind other developing areas.
10525- Our nation's unity is not artificial.
10526- In the worst cases, voices command the listener to undertake destructive acts such as suicide or assault.
10527- As recent studies show, if the 1 billion people in the rich world gave $10 per year, the resulting total of $10 billion could finance a serious battle against AIDS, TB, and malaria.
10528- The Dee Bridge, whose cast- and wrought-iron design followed common practice for the period, collapsed under a passing train, killing everyone aboard.
10529- The euro has been firmly established as a world-class currency.
10530- In other words, a human and a carrot have much in common genetically, despite their being little similarity between them physically.�Here the DNA comparison grossly overestimates the actual relationships between species.�Genetic comparisons simply do not afford an "inner view" of the relationships between species, or an encapsulation of those relationships.
10531- Many Chinese do not accept communist rule precisely because the Communist Party denies its past, (and remains) unapologetic about its cruelty.
10532- The drug trade exemplifies the far-reaching impact of domestic instability.
10533- In fact, no one knows whether Tony Blair will seek to join the Euro, let alone win a referendum on it.
10534- The meeting is a welcome development.
10535- Many suspect that Islamist radicals will be the big winners in any democratic opening.
10536- That faith was and is misplaced.
10537- This was the widely accepted approach toward German liability for the Holocaust, and there are many who urge the same approach toward America's responsibility for slavery.
10538- The politics of division that bedevils Indian national politics is in ugly display in Gujarat.
10539- Despite this, both sides are building up their forces.
10540- Some European governments have evolved strong human rights polices but, for a variety of reasons, they have been unable, individually or collectively, to exert the influence of the US.
10541- In his view, currency overvaluations go through five stages:
10542- What we describe under the heading of Al Qaeda is an essentially negative, destructive movement.
10543- For years, forward looking Taiwanese industrialists, including many hi-tech entrepreneurs, urged Chen to de-bureaucratize and de-politicize Taiwan's increasingly isolated economy.
10544- They develop new norms by directly pressing governments and businesses to change policies, and indirectly by altering public perceptions of what governments and firms should do.
10545- Stopping Latin America's Budding Arms Race
10546- Russia should be treated as a major power, which means consultations on important global issues.
10547- The rule of law is the strongest feature of Turkey today.
10548- We could see it in Scandinavia, and in scattered pockets elsewhere, but the strong imprint of improved computer and communications technologies on the growth rates of output and productivity economy-wide seemed to be missing.
10549- Until now, Italy's peculiar electoral system prevented the large (perhaps it is a majority) constituency of moderate Italian voters who favor smaller government from having much political influence.
10550- In essence, that is what those who stonewall in defence of the 1972 ABM Treaty are saying when they reject all options to create anti-ballistic missile defensive systems.
10551- National greatness for a world power always arises from its ability to shape the world.
10552- The White Sun existed in Soviet times.
10553- Despite uncertainty about Putin's intentions, that prize is not out of reach.
10554- Paradoxically, this could be good news for those who think that Europe should start contributing to world growth by expanding domestic demand.
10555- Sharing prey with pre-existing carnivores, they acquired tapeworms that originally inhabited only hyenas, large cats, and African hunting dogs.
10556- Yet, issues such as procurement policies, trade-offs between efficiency and ownership, and the balance between government and non-governmental organizations as implementing partners are being addressed through the Fund's open and inclusive governance systems.
10557- So long as the Union's borders remain closed, there is also a risk that foreign investment will fly over Western Europe and land in Central and Eastern Europe, where people are willing to work longer hours, market regulations are less intrusive, and human capital is relatively high, because Communist schools were good at technical training.
10558- For their sake, and ours, we must not let them down.
10559- In principle, it would be hypocritical to advocate democracy and at the same time the exclusion of Islamists from peaceful political participation.
10560- Every five years the United Nations produces a summary report called the Global Forest Resource Assessment; The team in charge of assembling the assessment relies on internet reporting and satellite surveillance to come up with the figures.
10561- But what does it mean to "prevent other great powers from rising"?
10562- The threats facing the world today are supranational, so counteracting them must be supranational, too.
10563- But the recent good economic numbers coming out of France should make an October rate hike easier for French politicians to accept.
10564- Third, more than 140 nations agreed in Doha, Qatar to launch a new round of trade negotiations.
10565- National leaders must speak out, and they must match their words with concrete actions, to help signal to the public that the speculative bubble cannot be expected to continue.
10566- Obviously, I knew that the police take bribes, but was concerned that Boris might bump into one who wasn't corrupt.
10567- While Israel's non-victory in Lebanon and the Palestinians' bloody divisions mean that both sides have been humbled, a breakthrough, though possible, remains unlikely.
10568- As a result, the UN Iraqi court's jurisdiction would extend only to the gravest violations of humanitarian law, on which there is a broad consensus, as set forth in Article 3 of the charter of the International Criminal Court.
10569- You ignore social and political contexts at your peril.
10570- On October 1, Khamenei called on Ahmadinejad to address the growing problem.
10571- American producers and the US government complained that American workers were being priced out of jobs because the Yen and D-mark were being held at artificially low levels.
10572- Up to a point, this is understandable.
10573- If China's rise remains peaceful, it promises great benefits to its own people and to its neighbors -- and to Americans.
10574- While military power remains important, it is a mistake for any country to discount the role of economic power and soft power.
10575- Stockholm came one step closer to admitting Europe's real population problem, when it spoke of "the demographic challenge of an ageing population of which people of working age constitute an ever-smaller part."
10576- After all, good sheriffs need active citizens to be in their posses and to serve on juries.
10577- Of course, ballot rigging took place.
10578- It won't happen suddenly, but current scientific developments will make change inevitable.
10579- My conclusion?
10580- It was better to hush up the mass famine that killed 30 million people following the Great Leap Forward in the late 1950's and early 1960's than to seem to be in need of foreign help.
10581- Rich countries have long meddled, often with their own corruption and incompetence, in the internal affairs of the countries that they now lecture.
10582- Savable Africa
10583- The next report is due to be released in 2010. I will not be surprised when it is released and I read that the global forest area has continued to shrink.
10584- The Constitutional Treaty provides solid foundations for our shared future.
10585- At age 90, he is being prosecuted for his crimes and corruption.
10586- There is no point in trying to win the hearts and minds of major drug traffickers.
10587- It has agreed to participate, for the first time, in the election of the Palestinian Legislative Council, which is due in January 2006, and it is expected to win a large number of seats.
10588- Is the whole investment world on Prozac?
10589- There are many interested parties. No group wants their solution to come last, and no government wants its country's national challenges to be overlooked.
10590- Moreover, trade benefits the world in many other ways, providing a major boost to the advanced economies of the world.
10591- Because they train together, NATO countries can operate effectively even when not all members of the organization are officially involved.
10592- Unlike the indigenous languages that were pushed aside by the languages of the European colonizers, the official languages of the EU are "robust": they are equipped with grammars, dictionaries, archives, libraries, and linguistics faculties.
10593- In mid-July, the Group of Eight's summit in St. Petersburg ended by calling on North Korea to stop its missile tests and to abandon its nuclear weapons program.
10594- In a remarkable coincidence of timing, Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder called for early elections in the hope of energizing reform.
10595- With elections looming in November, President George W. Bush could not "sacrifice" the 25,000 wealthy cotton farmers or the 10,000 prosperous rice farmers and their campaign contributions.
10596- Across Europe, governments position themselves to be seen as defending "national" players from "foreign" competitors.
10597- In Ghana and in much of Africa, a culture of silence exists around same-sex love - a culture that many Westerners, raised on a belief in rights and openness - find unacceptable.
10598- The film depicts what happened in the White House during those days.
10599- The release of Anwar Ibrahim soon afterwards raised the new premier's prestige further as a leader who could heal intra-Malay, and intra-Muslim, conflicts.
10600- Our new NATO membership sounds great, but we really don't know why.
10601- Who can doubt that the hand of Russia is behind this?
10602- Leaders on both sides ignore strong majorities that crave peace, allowing extremist-led violence to preempt all opportunities for building a political consensus.
10603- Such a shift in the global balance of power occurs only about once every century and is comparable to the emergence of the US as a world power a century ago.
10604- In the US, the commitment to fiscal rectitude followed President Clinton's early realization that balanced budgets would stabilize financial markets, reduce borrowing costs, and thus generate higher growth.
10605- The news about America's economy that dribbled out over the first half of March painted - once again - a picture that only a schizophrenic could create.
10606- The Kyoto Protocol created a mechanism for trading carbon dioxide emissions, which promises to manage the risks of an even bigger potential disaster: global warming.
10607- Their strategy worked.
10608- We may find ourselves there once again.
10609- As one who worked in the gas industry before entering politics, I know that the gas trade in the countries of the former Soviet Union is riddled with corruption.
10610- It was part of a regional vision to promote stability from the Balkans to the Middle East.
10611- And when it became possible to manipulate DNA in vitro, the metaphor of a "genetic program" appeared even more precise: scientists could construct experiments that corresponded to the reprogramming of cells merely by working on symbols in silicon.
10612- Indeed, Zimbabwe's elderly President Robert Mugabe, who is 79, must now be reckoning with the inevitability of his own political demise.
10613- Indeed, China faces tremendous challenges in maintaining macroeconomic stability under conditions of export-led growth, with huge repercussions for the rest of the world.
10614- Of the 709 randomly selected Palestinians who were surveyed, 30% said that they hope the new Hamas government tackles corruption.
10615- National saving in the Nordic countries averages more than 20% of national income, compared to around 10% in the US.
10616- The general instability of social relations -- most importantly, but not only, of employment -- is slowly becoming intolerable for a growing part of the population in many developed countries, not just in Europe. And there cannot be a stable economic order -- at least not in democratic countries -- if electorates reject its underpinnings.
10617- His governors are also like Nicholas's; many are governor-generals.
10618- They are not imported and cannot be fixed merely by changing the dollar's value.
10619- It is hard to imagine now what that world will be like with a doubling or quadrupling of just about every country's GDP.
10620- Poverty, psychological stress, and the collapse of health care have led to an anomalously high death rate, a mass decrease in health, and the wasting of colossal labor resources.
10621- With pro-reform forces strengthening their position in the new parliament, the government has two choices.
10622- Call this the "Asef" effect.
10623- That theme has died out in diplomatic discourse.
10624- So far, Erdogan has played the European card skillfully, reassuring Turkey's western allies and boxing in the Turkish military, which remains skeptical of his party's intentions.
10625- Rumsfeld's mistrust of the European approach contains a grain of truth.
10626- Many Europeans believe that aid agencies like the World Bank will shrivel and die if left to depend on grants for income.
10627- I have never been heavily involved in partisan politics, but these are not normal times.
10628- This made it riskier to invest in Argentine bonds, validating the high interest rates.
10629- Tufano approaches the problem with real sympathy for these people, and a realistic idea about how to help them: premium savings bonds.
10630- Most Europeans -- and many in other parts of the world -- live in rapidly aging societies.
10631- It is no overstatement to say that those efforts, which boosted trade and investment in the region, formed the foundation of Japan's national power today.
10632- Within government, he squezzed regional governors, both chambers of parliament and even the government apparatus, concentrating all legislative, executive and judicial power in himself.
10633- In the last month, I have met all of my colleagues face to face, in their capitals.
10634- Global redistribution through taxes that would be levied by an international body may seem far-fetched today, but the logic of development that we are witnessing -- particularly the move away from nation-states as the locus of sovereignty -- suggests that it may eventually come to pass.
10635- Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld said he did not know what soft power was.
10636- This underscores the need for creative thinking on credibility-enhancing mechanisms as an integral part of reform.
10637- Compromise based on the pre-1967 borders is the way to peace.
10638- This is a challenge far too important to be left to Bush, Blair, Mahmoud Ahmedinejad, and Ehud Olmert.
10639- But punishment could be harsh.
10640- Israel's neighbors will make peace on the basis of fair borders and fair play.
10641- These developments ushered in the slow, imperfect return of an unbalanced multi-polar system.
10642- Let The Serbs Try Milosevic
10643- We also risk creating competing structures that will weaken the institutions as a whole.
10644- The redistribution implicit in many pension systems is often far from ``clean.''
10645- Here the world is uni-polar.
10646- War now beckons in Iraq.
10647- If hysteria hits world capital markets, the excitement is much more likely to come in the form of capital flight from the US.
10648- Having failed to provide effective assistance, the West is no position to exert much political influence.
10649- In these regions, higher rates of corruption and tax evasion, together with smaller average firm size, undermine the production of credible information that financial markets need.
10650- "Their work is less valuable," he said referring to the pesos Cubans earn in an economy sustained by dollar remittances from the foreign diaspora.
10651- But if we want freedom, then social and economic inequalities are a legitimate, and necessary, price to pay.
10652- It has yet to find one.
10653- Unfortunately, there is no central direction or even coordination of civilian efforts.
10654- Most SSA countries attained national independence some time after the end of the Second World War, as the British, French, Belgian, and Portuguese empires unraveled (Germany had already lost its colonies after 1918).
10655- Since then, evidence has mounted not only that there were no weapons of mass destruction, but that the American and British governments provided deceptive, distorted, and misleading information.
10656- It contained provisions that would have removed excessive presidential powers and given Kenyans a stronger bill of rights.
10657- During his 10 years in power, the economy tanked and hundreds of thousands of his ablest countrymen emigrated.
10658- The Commission notes that R&D investments directed at the diseases of the poor are likely to have enormous social returns, not only because of recent breakthroughs in science (such as the mapping of the malaria parasite genome), but also because so little is currently invested in these areas.
10659- Yet this has not diminished the pressure to reduce the yawning gap in income between developed and developing countries that has shaped global debates for over a half-century.
10660- Something similar could happen with other forms of genetic selection.
10661- Two scare stories underlie this theory.
10662- Islam versus Modernity?
10663- Americans fear their markets being flooded by Chinese goods.
10664- Immanuel Kant, with his categorical imperative, provided the philosophical foundations for those who wanted an alternative basis for ethics than that provided by religious aphorisms.
10665- But this requires careful preparation, adjustment and management.
10666- But there is another international income divergence that demands attention.
10667- Now, however, he seems to be more the cause of it than the cure, for a new generation of leaders might be better placed to help Georgia move beyond its chronic instability.
10668- The European Council's decision in March to finish the negotiations during the Irish presidency sent a powerful signal of our determination to break the stalemate.
10669- Sometimes, there is even a feeling that life is not worth living and that one would be better off dead.
10670- Rather, it was his consensual style of leadership.
10671- In office, he had intervened when the supposedly independent board for setting accounting standards tried to clean up the accounting of senior executives' share options.
10672- That depends on whether one believes that Leninist capitalism is a viable and stable form of government for China over the long term.
10673- Fatima and those like her deserve nothing less.
10674- Paradoxically, he found it easier to reach out to non-Christian religions.
10675- They continue to hold very large positions in dollar-denominated assets, which they would not do if they thought the US faced a choice between a cheap dollar and a deep depression.
10676- Basic issues of justice -- such as the right of each side to live with dignity and security -- are, of course, important in any peace agreement.
10677- Much evidence points to the affair originating not in a systematic nationalization project, but rather in the Kremlin's perception that Khodorkovsky aimed to use his wealth to privatize the Russian state itself.
10678- The US stationed troops in Saudi Arabia and thus helped to create al-Qaeda's political agenda.
10679- At other times, like Stalin, he believes that Russia's power requires a strong hand -- what he calls his "dictatorship of law."
10680- Debates about immigration nowadays tend to concentrate on the impact newcomers have on social cohesion.
10681- I have pondered the expressed uneasiness of Europeans about making money, and speculated that their schooling might drain away some playfulness and creativity.
10682- A less ambitious apostolic assignment, however, could work.
10683- These images of Vlad have been revived, particularly in the West, to demonize East Europeans.
10684- But history suggests that new, fragile democracies are more likely to attempt to placate radicals than to eliminate them, and that terrorists can exploit democratic governments' respect for civil rights and the rule of law.
10685- This shortfall in oil earnings, not the lack of foreign assistance, is the real cause of Iraq's financial crisis.
10686- Indeed, Djindjic may well be a victim of his recent moves to root out organized crime.
10687- The BNP appears to view religious extremism as a tool to break the power of the opposition Awami League, which is largely supported by the secular and urban middle classes.
10688- The developing world understandably does not want to sacrifice its growth for a global public good, especially when the United States, the richest country in the world, seems unwilling to sacrifice even a little of its luxurious life style.
10689- It continues to pound on one theme alone: that Argentina's economic crisis is the result of fiscal profligacy, the result of a government living beyond its means.
10690- Tax the Oligarchs
10691- Was it to "starve the beast" by pumping up government debt to the point that social programs would have to be cut?
10692- Like no other institution, NATO embodies Atlantic cohesion, something that remains essential for any Western effort to promote a degree of international order.
10693- That was two decades before the first Opium War.
10694- But peace and quiet based on tanks and the threat of air strikes cannot be enough.
10695- Although Japan did receive some appreciation for its dispatch of naval squadrons to the Mediterranean, it endured wide criticism for its refusal to send ground troops.
10696- According to Chirac, France's exports are lagging not because France is losing its international competitiveness -- although it is, especially to Germany -- but because of the strong euro.
10697- Three years ago, the European single currency, the Euro, was born at an exchange rate of 1:$1.17, which presumably was deemed to reflect appropriately price levels on both sides of the Atlantic at that time.
10698- Surplus rural folk could find land to till in the New World's vast frontiers or industrial employment in its growing cities.
10699- Will Rising Interest Rates Torpedo Stock and House Prices?
10700- The Kargil fiasco ended when Pakistan withdrew its forces under international pressure.
10701- Western consumers who call a local company are likely to speak to someone in India.
10702- Reaching political consensus on such complex issues is never easy, given the diversity of interests that must be addressed.
10703- Representatives of 16 countries--Austria, Ireland, Portugal, the three Scandinavian countries, and the ten states that will join the EU in May 2004--submitted a proposal, in the form of a declaration, that calls for preserving the EU's current delicate institutional balance.
10704- Any government effort to sustain dying industries or to allocate investment by picking all sorts of "innovative" projects will be a recipe for economic disaster.
10705- Should Chile find other products that can compete against American producers, these too will likely face restrictions.
10706- Too often, the complex issues involved in this kind of negotiation are presented as a battle between one country and another, or between competing ideologies.
10707- The most plausible institutional mechanism for this alternative way forward will be the existing grouping of those member states that have wanted to belong to a more united Europe by joining, or seeking to join, the euro zone.
10708- We need to reach out to the rest of the world in a more open and persuasive way.
10709- Many maintain insurance and pensions for their employees, but also encourage their workers to trust the company to provide for them forever, and even to invest in the company's stock.
10710- But how to explain charges of "gross violations" by the Ak Zhol Party, the largest opposition group, or the decision by the Minister of Information, an Ak Zhol candidate, to resign in protest?
10711- But advancement in ethical inquiry relies on the conflict of beliefs and values.
10712- Policy mistakes and reversals eroded this middle ground, opening a path for ideological Islamism and a reconstituted neo-Ba`athism.
10713- Growing fear of foreign competition ought to explain a lot of things in the future.
10714- "Internet dissidents" make up the fastest-growing group of political prisoners.
10715- There is little understanding in the West of how deep the Sunni/Shi'ite divide runs.
10716- The West's readiness to bail the country out has been stretched to the limit.
10717- Yet ten years later, the same Signor Cavallo is trying to fend off recession and government default.
10718- The few American cities that introduced this system in the Progressive era, between 1910 and 1930, soon abandoned it - or were forced to - in order to stop the election of black representatives.
10719- So the talk nowadays is of the right "exit strategy" from international justice.
10720- But it will not be enough for Bush to start his second term with grand rhetoric about values and increased investment in public diplomacy.
10721- Lula will have to build on the work of FHC.
10722- In foreign policy, one can only guess what her priorities would be.
10723- They could merely create an indexed unit of account to replace currency for measuring economic quantities and defining prices.
10724- From a broader geopolitical perspective, the situation becomes alarming.
10725- Rather, it was different colonial experiences (Italian rule in Eritrea, British rule in Somaliland) that set them off, at least in their own self-perceptions, from the rest of their ethnic compatriots.
10726- Immediately after the election, a senior Hamas official, Mahmoud al-Zahar, said that Hamas would maintain the cease-fire with Israel begun last February, if Israel did the same. Hamas may be signaling that it will not provoke Israel.
10727- Fortunately, one is possible.
10728- President Bush's announcement that the US, Japan, and Saudi Arabia have created a $180 million fund to reconstruct Afghanistan's trunk highways is the most recent measure to speed up the flow of development assistance.
10729- Differences on global environmental policy are acute, with America in the dock over its refusal to sign the Kyoto accord.
10730- Similarly, the two regional governors concerned refused to go to Beslan.
10731- Democracy works only if there is a fair reporting of the issues being debated.
10732- In the future, China will have to rely more heavily on interest rates to manage monetary policy, using the price of capital, not political considerations, to influence how firms make investment decisions.
10733- You can practically see the blood of US officials boil when they discuss it.
10734- All the ingredients remain separate from the outset.
10735- Only when such a belief becomes general will despair stop fueling terrorism, and suicide bombing come to be viewed as an obscene calling.
10736- These sessions involved only a student interrogator, an instructor in the role of the detainee, and a video camera.
10737- Although the Soviet Union restricted and censored Western films, those that made it through had devastating political effects. As one Soviet journalist commented after a restricted showing of films that were critical of American nuclear weapons policies, "They absolutely shocked us….We began to understand that the same thing would happen to us as to them in a nuclear war."
10738- Moreover, many of these regimes are simply ineffectual and will collapse or dramatically change in the foreseeable future.
10739- At the same time, politics has a way of confounding economic projections.
10740- We procured our supplies in Nigeria and exported them to Liberia and Sierra Leone.
10741- This was known to Vitruvius, who wrote about Greek and Roman engineering more than 2,000 years ago.
10742- In my 2003 book, New Financial Order: Risk in the 21st Century, I proposed a different idea, which I called "livelihood insurance."
10743- A late convert to evolution, he was a lifelong skeptic about the theory's political implications.
10744- Whereas regulation creates unearned rents for overprotected minorities (taxi drivers, notaries, airline pilots, and telecom or electricity workers), deregulation reduces these rents and redistributes them to the general public.
10745- After all, science is a form of enterprise, requiring a sophisticated organization of resources and workers, an adventuresome attitude, and a willingness to take risks for possibly great rewards.
10746- The terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11, 2001, galvanized American interest in the southern Philippines.
10747- But the lessons of the Great War are no less important today, particularly for the United States.
10748- "Moderate" elements among the population will support this change (and the manhunt for terrorist fanatics) if they secure inclusion in Saudi life.
10749- It is painful to admit that our predicaments are brought about by our own misconceptions.
10750- Time can solve Europe's problem.
10751- Last but not least, we should promote gradual, home-made, and country-specific institutional reforms.
10752- Where Russia represents a return to the past, one sees in China an opening, however ambiguous, to the future.
10753- In fact, the average impact of policy reform on inequality is zero. Yet there is abundant distributional change going on under the surface.
10754- By restructuring their secondary schools and universities to train graduates with skills demanded by multinational corporations, Asian countries also create more competitive workforces.
10755- As a result, French Socialists always positioned themselves to the left of their European partners, giving a major economic role to the state following the big nationalizations that took place in 1981 after François Mitterrand was first elected president.
10756- Where Did Market Volatility Go?
10757- The international community must understand that the political benefits of not alienating the old elite while offering new opportunities to traditionally excluded groups outweigh the financial cost.
10758- Bolivia destroys the myth that Third World countries are too poor to be green, and casts serious doubt on the famous "environmental Kuznets Curve" -- the theory that environmental quality correlates with wealth.
10759- Meanwhile, differences over Taiwan also foster tensions periodically, such as when former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui sought to visit Japan for medical treatment.
10760- This summer, for example, China and Russia conducted their first-ever grand-scale joint military exercise.
10761- Russia then focused almost all of its foreign policy attention on Ukraine, only to lose there, too.
10762- The Anti-Terrorist Temptation
10763- This suggests that the age-old combination of economic stagnation and cultural stability that I call the "Hindu Equilibrium" seems finally to have been broken.
10764- While the President of Germany is not supposed to intervene in the day-to-day management of the country, his voice will no doubt be influential.
10765- European constitutions often reflect an emphasis on equality and redistribution.
10766- For example, an inflow of oil money often leads to currency appreciation - a phenomenon called the Dutch Disease .
10767- Drawing benefits from global companies doesn't always require high-level government negotiations.
10768- Many are thankful that the piñata is available to liven up bilateral relations and can't wait to give it a good whack.
10769- The alarming tendencies we are seeing today may be short-lived and with no serious consequences.
10770- Jean Kambanda, former Prime Minister of Rwanda, pled guilty to crimes against humanity and genocide and is serving a life sentence in prison.
10771- This silence gives a hideous signal.
10772- By contrast, African countries often see the worst sides of multinationals: energy, mineral, and precious metal companies go where resources are, not where it's pleasant to work.
10773- Some have taken the risk of resorting to metaphors and allegory, while others poke fun at the whole thing by writing editorials on ballet or bee-keeping.
10774- Russia must now follow America's lead in how to fight terror.
10775- Indeed, the question is not so much whether the global system will endure the imbalances spawned by China, but how severe those imbalances will prove to be.
10776- Most people believe that the world of finance has no concern for the little guy, for all the low- and middle-income people who, after all, contribute little to the bottom line.
10777- True, some of the old EU countries have opted for a prohibition of labor migration during a transition period that is initially set at two years and may be extended to April 2011.
10778- One alternative is to let universities shrink again to a manageable size.
10779- What is at stake for Germany is not simply its reputation as a source of economic dynamism and an anchor of monetary stability within the EU.
10780- How does one reconcile an isolated retrograde incident such as the disappearance of an elderly Chinese couple with the hopeful progress of the "Chinese economic miracle" that has so transformed this once seemingly desperate, backward land?
10781- At the same time, the Pope became the first great traveling Pontiff of modern times, almost a symbol of a globalized world.
10782- But the precise arrangements for double majority voting need to be calibrated in a way that respects the particular concerns of all member states, while still ensuring that the new system is more efficient than its predecessor.
10783- The IMF endorsed legal standards and codes of best practice developed by other institutions, but also promotes the development of new standards, including accounting and auditing standards, securities market regulations, bankruptcy law, codes for corporate governance, insurance and banking regulations.
10784- But a high standard of fidelity to the truth is needed in the media; otherwise, debates become too distorted for citizens to evaluate correctly their meaning.
10785- The costs of managing the Social Security system are far smaller than those likely to be associated with privatized accounts.
10786- But within half a year or so, bad things did start to happen.
10787- In sub-Saharan Africa, peer review by the countries of Nepad, the New Partnership for Africa's Development, is a step toward Africa owning its own development.
10788- In other words, American women work more hours and use the money they make to hire people to do the tasks that they can't do because they're working.
10789- The victory of the opposition in the parliamentary election of 2002 attests to the potential that may be unleashed with a victory by democratic forces in the presidential election.
10790- The years that followed witnessed pan-European carnage, instability throughout the 1920's, and the rise of fascism and communism, culminating in the death of countless millions during World War II.
10791- On the left, Evo delivers homilies exalting Pacha Mama, or Mother Nature; on the right, Tuto favors market mechanisms like Kyoto over command and control.
10792- BNP Paribas hoped to place the bonds with UK pension funds, but so far the issue has not been fully subscribed.
10793- Hua Wei, based in Shenzhen with 14,000 employees (70% of whom are engineers), makes routers and telecommunications switches at half the price of most global companies.
10794- Skeptics who treat "public diplomacy" as a euphemism for broadcasting government propaganda miss the point.
10795- The addition of new EU members implies that more internal differences will occur, which means that fewer centralized policies are justified.
10796- Even when an employer is reasonable, working conditions may still prove dangerous.
10797- Not withstanding the self-serving intentions of outgoing President Leonid Kuchma, this historic pact may in the long run produce positive results for Ukraine's democracy and prospects for joining the European Union.
10798- By so doing, Bush's team left America's friends in Latin America - no less than in Europe and elsewhere - in a hapless situation: rightly unable and unwilling to support the US march of folly, and understandably reluctant to poison hemispheric relations in general with the type of strident criticism that local public opinion demands.
10799- The basic functional units of all complex living organisms, it should be remembered, are cells , not genes.
10800- The right person should not necessarily be an American as that would unduly limit the choice and risks bringing an appointment more distinguished by ideology than competence.
10801- Closure of the banking system led to a full collapse of confidence in the country.
10802- These characteristics would reduce rather than enhance the bearer's chances of survival, but obviously they prevailed in generation after generation.
10803- A fully developed contingency plan -- a sophisticated blend of amphibious, airborne, and ground penetrations to reach swiftly and deeply behind the front, before rolling back and destroying Hezbollah positions one by one from the rear, all the way to the Israeli border -- was never implemented.
10804- Instead, the money was doled out to municipalities based on political loyalty, so poverty fell by only 3%.
10805- · Rich countries, particularly in Europe, must dismantle trade barriers to exports from developing countries and cease dumping subsidized agricultural products;
10806- -0.5
10807- Many bemoan this state of affairs, but his ascendancy might be less malign than it seems.
10808- The euro's benefits go well beyond the realm of economics.
10809- It empowered societies to demand from their governments that they behave properly.
10810- For the Socialist Party, which is eager to return to power but has not yet recovered from the humiliating defeat of Lionel Jospin in the first round of the presidential election in 2002, the question is whether it can afford to resist the wave of favorable public opinion behind Royal.
10811- When we do get it, we quickly raise the bar, wanting still more.
10812- There has been particular interest (most specifically in the case of Islam) as to whether specific religious traditions are compatible with the institutions and values of liberal democracy.
10813- In interwar Europe, parliamentarism in many countries was plagued by frequent votes of no confidence, bringing down governments and leaving states rudderless for long periods.
10814- Estonia and Lithuania applied as well, but were refused entry.
10815- The Clinton team could also take credit for the largely successful handling of the 1994 Mexican and 1997-1998 Asian financial crises.
10816- But can a Kerry-led US get a fresh start in Europe?
10817- Those in jail must be released or given a fair trial.
10818- As a long-time advocate of bringing Saddam and his cohorts to justice for their crimes against the Kurds, the Marsh Arabs and many others, I endorse the Bush Administration's view that proceedings should not be limited to offenses committed in the current war.
10819- Brazil's government, for instance, pushed one of the most successful telecom privatizations, but also pushed for stronger competition and regulatory policies.
10820- This record suggests that one should think twice before trying shock therapy again.
10821- Is there evidence directly associating high performance - that is, high employment and high productivity - with the presence of institutions believed helpful to dynamism and the absence of those believed harmful?
10822- Will China Stand Up in North Korea?
10823- Learning from Mexico
10824- Turkey has met these conditions: the legal reform entered into force on June 1, and the Protocol was signed on July 29.
10825- Sometimes this involves overt conflict between moderates and radicals within one side, such as when an Israeli religious zealot assassinated Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin when peace negotiations were making progress.
10826- Finally, political reform must go hand in hand with economic and educational reform for all the citizens in a society, including the 50% who happen to be women.
10827- But man was not alone in feeling the impact.
10828- Painful restructuring is sure to follow.
10829- My proposal would achieve what the recently announced package failed to achieve, and at no higher a price.
10830- Any ceasefire agreement requires both parties to refrain from attacking the other.
10831- Nevertheless, the public still believed in perpetual growth.
10832- It is possible that intense states of emotion could pre-select and perhaps elicit from the brain certain verbal messages having the same emotional charge.
10833- He visited Mexico before any other country, renewed Temporary Protection Status for Central American immigrants, maintained President Bill Clinton's waiver of certain trade restrictions on countries and companies doing business with Cuba, and gave new impetus to the negotiations to create a Free Trade Area of the Americas.
10834- But Nigeria's mounting social and political problems reveal how violence and uncertainty in yet another major energy producer is driving foreign investors out and global oil prices up.
10835- As long as no distinction is made between nationalist extremists and fanatical terrorists like Al Qaeda, the latter will be able to masquerade as the defenders of Muslims who are seen as "driven" to resort to suicide bombing because of military weakness. America's ill-advised foray into Iraq has further confounded the distinction between the two types of suicide bombers and created a nearly ideal breeding ground for a new generation of terrorists.
10836- Rather than using the oil windfall to pay for long-overdue reforms in health care, education, and utilities -- and thus helping to ensure the macroeconomic stability needed to sustain rapid long-term growth -- President Vladimir Putin has chosen large spending increases for public wages and pensions.
10837- In some things, indeed, he deserves the thanks of all Russians.
10838- In fact, the charges of lying concern only Blair, for Bush has (so far) been absolved of all possible sins in view of the apparent success of the Iraq campaign.
10839- The problem is widespread and not restricted to drug companies.
10840- The first lesson concerns the indispensability in politics of accurate information and reporting.
10841- A navy sufficient to promote such activities is being rapidly developed and purchased from abroad (mostly from Russia, the EU when possible).
10842- Perhaps the princes believe that it is easier to kill "terrorist" criminals than to crush demands for social justice.
10843- This did not happen by accident or by chance.
10844- Others suggest broadening the scope of stock options to include more employees.
10845- Nigerians once again fear that chaos will accompany the second elections since the Army returned power to civilians in May 1999.
10846- The time is ripe for the IMF to return to its original mission -- ensuring global liquidity to enable sustained global growth.
10847- This means that the growth of individual developing countries depends not only on their domestic economic policies -- the focus of debates on economic development in recent decades. It also depends on factors beyond the control of individual countries: global economic conditions and regional economic environments.
10848- Fang Jue, a reformer who served a four-year term for economic crimes, and Jiang Surang, an underground Catholic priest sentenced to six years for illegally publishing Bibles, were both punished in this way.
10849- Iraq's Next Shock Will be Shock Therapy
10850- Alexander Hamilton, the renowned author of many of the Federalist Papers that set out the rationale for adopting the US Constitution, had no doubt about the relative weight of the three great powers of state.
10851- How long will the rest of the world continue to finance America's external deficit?
10852- By recognizing that taking a chain saw to state bureaus does not automatically improve governance, we reached the second stage of our reform process.
10853- The assumption was that random changes occur along all limbs of a genetic tree, but depending on the protein, only some small fraction survives.
10854- The notorious law on monetization of social benefits, which transforms in-kind benefits into cash, is a typical example.
10855- But, even with China's efforts to loosen the renminbi-dollar linkage, it is arguable whether revaluation could save American jobs or improve the US trade balance.
10856- Even more fundamentally, racial considerations also influence the nature of America's political institutions.
10857- In many cases, however, these imported laws were ignored, selectively enforced, or were complied with only in form, not substance.
10858- Indeed, even local security apparatuses have been unwilling to comply with dictates from Assad and his clique to seal the borders.
10859- Advocates of more democracy in the Arab world now risk being accused of cooperation with the American design for re-making the Middle East.
10860- The oldest and most successful US universities were founded by British religious dissidents, for whom the corporate form remained vividly alive.
10861- China and Russia tend to relate to their respective pasts and futures in very different ways -- with self-confidence in China's case, with self-diffidence in the case of Russia.
10862- Putin may well be as isolated as my grandfather Nikita Khrushchev was in 1964, when Leonid Brezhnev organized his palace coup against him.
10863- What would be easy arbitrage using the Internet and delivery services gets stopped in its tracks by trade organizations and manufacturers who convince legislators and/or bureaucrats to protect their monopoly rents.
10864- But there were no statistically significant differences between subjects with or without religious backgrounds, with approximately 90% of subjects saying that it is permissible to flip the switch on the boxcar, 97% saying that it is obligatory to rescue the baby, and 97% saying that is forbidden to remove the healthy man's organs.
10865- Now, everyone agrees, the most important task - beyond creating a democratic state and restoring security - is reconstructing the economy.
10866- After all, not only moral outrage but calculated self-interest led them on September 12
10867- Three months from now, when Mexico's new president Felipe Calderón takes office, many will consider it a dubious honor.
10868- Recently, China's head of state, Jiang Zemin, said that the Communist Party "represents" every good aspect of China, including wealthy capitalists, not just the poor, the exploited, and the proletariat.
10869- Blade technologies then disappeared and reappeared cyclically in these areas, and in some regions, such as Australia, they only appeared a few thousand years ago.
10870- Of course, most European countries need to rethink the foundations of their welfare state.
10871- In this, he is exaggerating a tendency pre-dominant in all the Soviet Union's successor states, where strong presidential systems are the order of the day.
10872- The question then was this: liberated for what?
10873- Fiscal prudence and stable inflation rates are cornerstones of today's relatively healthy global economic environment.
10874- First, although a once-in-a-century event is as likely to occur at the beginning of the century as at any other time, it is much less likely to occur in the first decade of the century than later.
10875- Argentina's cycle of crisis is perplexing.
10876- It is rarely put on behalf of individuals, but it regularly arises for sub-groups, such as national minorities, who see themselves as oppressed by majorities.
10877- The opposition must also contend with recent experience in Haiti.
10878- Even though many of them might not have studied the local culture, they can nonetheless provide guidance that has been informed by the world's most expensive infrastructure.
10879- Fortunately, such efforts have usually been too small in magnitude to do significant economic destruction.
10880- Precautionary regulation shifts the burden of proof from the regulator, who previously had to demonstrate that a new technology was likely to cause some harm, to the innovator, who now must demonstrate that the technology will not.
10881- The Sons Also Rise
10882- Not anymore.
10883- Indeed, another trend may be more significant as far as political leadership is concerned.
10884- Europeans are used to thinking of the exchange rate as a critical variable, because they live in very open economies that export close to 50% of their total output.
10885- There should also be some understanding for what Russia and the Russian people have gone through over the past two decades.
10886- In other words, one in a thousand voted for them, although they claimed to speak for that state's retired and elderly people -- over 30% of the population.
10887- Even Mother Nature has played along.
10888- Perhaps it sometimes conceals the causes, while locating the problem entirely within the child, who is often stigmatized as a result.
10889- Working with moderate Arab states, we can create a new regional security regime for the Greater Middle East, modeled on the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.
10890- Or you can decide not to mow the grass, in which case you produce another kind of ecosystem, another kind of future.
10891- Multiple insurgencies co-exist in time and space, each with differing objectives and tactics.
10892- At the current rate, NASA may not complete the task for another decade, even though such mapping is the key to an asteroid defense because it may give us years of warning.
10893- Immeasurably larger damage will be done to Ukraine: it will lose a vital partner, one that perhaps has not always been ideal, but that nonetheless has never inflicted any damage and has never allied with other countries against it.
10894- The corruption and inefficiency of the state apparatus and the government's incompetence and inertia leave no hope for a real improvement in living standards.
10895- Thus, in a strategy mirrored elsewhere in the cultural sphere, the government simply relinquished much control over the moral component of TV content.
10896- The West has a big incentive to be generous to Afghanistan's rural poor. Starving farmers, if unassisted, may return to cultivating a very reliable cash crop: the opium poppy, long a staple of the warlord economy.
10897- But could something like the Maastricht process be used to implement structural reform?
10898- America must also deal with the potential for corruption, both illegal in the case of the diversion of Teamsters' pension resources and legal in the campaign contributions provided by the pharmaceutical lobby to complaisant members of Congress.
10899- Ríos Montt earned a seat in Guatemala's Congress, and went on to rule both the party and the legislature.
10900- No EU government, however, yet seems prepared to face this.
10901- At least one newspaper came out with its news pages completely blank.
10902- More than 50 trillion cubic meters of natural gas, and misleading expectations, are about to recreate this pattern of underdevelopment in Bolivia.
10903- This merely brings higher priced bribes.
10904- Bush "did present himself as a conservative...[and] conservatism is hostile, for reasons ranging from the abstract and philosophical to the concrete and practical, to high spending and high taxing...." And then she falls into near-complete despair: "Mr. Bush will never have to run again, and he is in a position to come forward and make the case, even if only rhetorically, to slow and cut spending.
10905- So what is to be done, assuming the US wants to retaliate without destabilizing its regional allies?
10906- Why do local politicians, tree lovers all, allow yet more forest destruction?
10907- If this preferred solution proves unacceptable, an alternative would be to strengthen Article II-52, to state clearly that the twelve "social rights" of Part II apply to the Union, but not to the member states, even when these are implementing Union directives. If the Union decides, as it could, that all member states must provide public health care for all unemployed persons, it would be up to national parliaments, not 25 judges in Luxembourg, to determine how to address that objective.
10908- But are all of them old-style leftists?
10909- This is not to say that they agree with the American critique of Indonesian policy.
10910- In the 1980's, this approach focused attention on abuses in conflict-ridden Central America and in Saddam Hussein's Iraq, which the Reagan Administration favored in its struggle with America's enemy, Ayatollah Khomeini's Iran.
10911- To do this, the often pre-scripted and stale dialogue between the North Atlantic Council and the EU's Political and Security Committee should be opened up to include topics such as combating terrorism and the proliferation of WMD, or regions such as Ukraine or Moldova.
10912- The US represents just 5% of the world's population, and just one vote of 191 countries in the UN General Assembly.
10913- If anything, the risks of a US-Europe split will be reduced rather than increased by the EU's recent enlargement.
10914- Last year The Economist claimed that "Growth really does help the poor: in fact it raises their incomes by about as much as it raises the incomes of everybody else."
10915- Research is needed to ensure that nanomaterials, and the industry that produces them, evolve as environmental assets rather than liabilities.
10916- Therefore the preeminence of UN institutions in so many events in November is notable.
10917- They should be proud--and a little humble--about their magnetic quality, as the US was for a long time.
10918- The acid test will come from Lula's approach to fiscal policy.
10919- Mr. Blair knows all this, which is why he has hinted more than once that he has put his political career and his position as Prime Minister on the line.
10920- Indeed, to continue to fail the world's at-risk children is to deliver a verdict of wanton inhumanity against ourselves, for we are a knowing party to an entirely preventable mass destruction of human life.
10921- Unfortunately, many countries have committed themselves to precisely this illusion, and it may be a long time before they take heed of Greenspan's most important lesson.
10922- Indeed, multiple but complementary identities are the norm in all four countries.
10923- Moreover, they put urgent responses to climate change at the bottom of the list.
10924- Many in Musharraf's own army despise him for the same reason.
10925- The US budget has gone from a surplus of 1.4% of GDP in 2000 to a forecast deficit of 4.6% in 2003, a 6% swing--of which about 5% is due to changes in policy rather than the weak economy.
10926- But, in the case of Turkey, Europe has long been reluctant to provide the same sort of incentives and hopes.
10927- Yet this very heterogeneous group was able to crystallize the emerging global consensus that globalization, despite its positive potential, has not only failed to live up to that potential, but has actually contributed to social distress.
10928- The conscious experience of pain involves emotion and cognition as well as sensation.
10929- The most essential questions that humans face today -- those that engender the deepest conflicts -- have nothing to do with theology.
10930- Taiwan's Public Prosecutor has indicted the wife of President Chen Shui-bien for embezzling public funds.
10931- It has yet to translate its new rhetoric into policy.
10932- In the meantime, the euro has come down in the foreign exchanges, and there has been scare talk in some quarters -- correctly labeled as "absurd" by Otmar Issing and Bundesbank president Axel Weber -- that the "European project" is in danger.
10933- On the middle board of economic relations, the world is already multi-polar.
10934- In the end, the French and other leading member states are likely to explore alternative ways of working towards a more politically integrated Europe.
10935- Such a stance serves the US -- including manufacturing -- better than talking down the dollar's value to boost demand for American goods.
10936- Earth is set to warm further in the decades ahead, bringing more and bigger fires, mudslides, heat waves, droughts, and powerful hurricanes.
10937- The fact is, however, that these fanatics are a modern phenomenon, a creation of the Muslim world's failed political systems, and a stark reminder of the price of long years of repression.
10938- After all, once Russia's richest man can be stripped of his assets at any moment, ordinary Russian businessmen may be forgiven for concluding that operating in the open is risky.
10939- When the CCP came to power in 1948, it could claim to embody socialism, Marxism, and the proletariat's historical mission.
10940- This doesn't amount to a conversion to liberal principles or a substitution of Europe for the ideals of the left and of socialism.
10941- Most important in the current situation will be the development of a long-term strategy of cultural and educational exchanges aimed at developing a richer and more open civil society in Middle Eastern countries.
10942- Clearly, African countries, assisted by their development partners, need to develop the continent's enormous energy potential as an integral part of their efforts to spur economic growth and reduce poverty.
10943- Even if it were impossible to lower unemployment below some critical level without fuelling inflation, there is uncertainty about what that critical level is.
10944- Seductive leaders (Hitler among them) exploited the resulting sense of frustration.
10945- Given Italy's almost perfect bicameralism, this means that the new government will find it very difficult to function even under ideal circumstances.
10946- The bottom line is that while many are called, few are chosen.
10947- The anti-pornography saohuang campaigns carried out in the 1980's and early 1990's are a thing of the past.
10948- If only 40% of the men are still alive after twenty years, the bonds will pay out £20 million.
10949- For Europe, the rising Euro means lower competitiveness and further economic contraction.
10950- Moreover, according to Vinod Raina, a member of the Central Advisory Board on Education (CABE), 80 million of India's 200 million children between 6-14 years of age are not in school at all.
10951- These laws have ensured that none of the doomsday scenarios of the 1960s and 1970s - remember the forecasts of the "Club of Rome"? - have come to pass.
10952- It was this failure that brought Hamas to power.
10953- To believe that one can accurately foresee what will become of Chavez and Venezuela brings to mind another warning by Fiedler: &quot;He who lives by the crystal ball must sooner or later learn to chew glass.&quot;
10954- Not necessarily.
10955- To start, we can rule out Chile from the supposed leftist surge, for it is a country ruled by a centrist coalition of Ricardo Lagos's European-style socialists and the country's historic Christian democrats.
10956- With minor adjustments, the left in Germany, Italy, Spain, Portugal, and so on faces the same Hobson's choice.
10957- Some countries that traded a great deal with Britain, or were in the orbit of British imperial rule, continued to hold reserves in pounds after 1931.
10958- Europe favors them by bumping them to the head of waiting lists and giving tax breaks to capital.
10959- To what extent do we hold on to our belief that when it comes to saving lives, medical care should be distributed on the basis of patients' needs, not their wealth?
10960- The most obvious reason for increased worries about security in America is the challenge of meeting the threat of terrorism after the attacks of September 2001.
10961- And why is today's world so unequal that it is hard to find any measures of global distribution that do not show divergence at least up until the 1980's?
10962- And he will have to praise the decline of unions and the shedding of benefits by firms -- and argue that individuals will make better choices than union experts or firms' benefit departments.
10963- Will foreigners be willing to continue to lend to the US, with all of its problems, at a rate in excess of a billion dollars a day?
10964- I suspect that here the problem reflects fundamental differences between the way women and men approach science as a microcosm of life.
10965- Nowadays, most talk focuses on migration as a means of letting overpopulated developing countries fill the labor shortages of developed countries with graying populations.
10966- The US is making available more than $2 billion to support early reconstruction efforts.
10967- The bottom line is that the second law of thermodynamics rules and that the existence of life helps increase entropy.
10968- In his gushing account of President George W. Bush, the former presidential speechwriter David Frum tells us that his boss "scorned the petty untruths of the politician."
10969- We now know that it atrophies in a number of psychiatric disorders.
10970- By contrast, Milosevic has taken advantage of the ICTY's procedures to delay his trial, while challenging its jurisdiction and legitimacy.
10971- The euro stops countries like France and Italy from playing their old protectionist game of devaluing their currencies at German expense.
10972- Only the US pursued a foreign policy that conceived freedom and democracy as its mission.
10973- Rich countries are places where investors feel secure in their property rights, the rule of law prevails, private incentives are aligned with social objectives, monetary and fiscal policies are solidly grounded, risks are mediated through social insurance, and citizens have recourse to civil liberties and political representation.
10974- No one knows her opinion on the Middle East, terrorism, nuclear deterrence, and international security.
10975- Much has already been achieved in the negotiations, and an agreement of significant value is within reach.
10976- None of the new EU member-states have concrete plans or financing mechanisms to develop networks of community-based alternatives on a national scale.
10977- To be exiled from this last refuge represents the most brutal decentering of his being, a burning that reaches all the way to the core of creativity.
10978- He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers.
10979- John Paul the Modernizer
10980- The key is to select some comprehensive but operationally precise indicators of structural reforms, and then apply the same idea suggested by the Commission for public debt: countries that are making more progress on these indicators can get more leeway on their budget deficit.
10981- Even though poor countries seem to be falling ever farther behind, the truth is more heartening.
10982- For the first time since the Soviet collapse, the Kremlin will have firm parliamentary support.
10983- But we need up-to-date aircraft ... to join NATO.'
10984- In fact, the questions posed by the NBER may not be the right questions, or at least the most relevant.
10985- There is no easy answer, but to the extent that it is possible to weaken a government without weakening an economy, such steps should be taken.
10986- Ten years ago, comparing the reform processes in China and Russia was an intellectual fashion.
10987- Successive stimulus packages failed, leaving behind a massive build-up of public debt.
10988- So the Bush administration proposed a middle way: a military commission under military judges, which would recognize fewer rights for the accused and bar appeals to civilian courts.
10989- The gains from liberalization must be set against the losses that resulted from idling processing plants.
10990- The trick for an immigrant is to always buy cheap, because he never knows how long it will be before a car breaks down.
10991- He accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility, and he compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies, exploit them, and move on after their destructive work is done.
10992- So far, most patients appear to experience significant improvements from TMS directed to both brain regions, with improvements lasting from two months to over a year.
10993- Indeed, NAFTA membership has proven to be so popular that Mexico's government has forged many other free trade agreements, including one with the EU in 2000.
10994- Our shared European values should matter most.
10995- Indeed, the essence of labor unions is that they know the unique problems of a distinct group of workers, bring focused expertise on these problems, and thus intelligently represent their interests.
10996- It was no accident that the books were then translated into almost every language of Eastern and Southeastern Europe.
10997- Having said that, whatever America does at Guantanamo does not justify Iraqi mistreatment of American or British prisoners.
10998- As Ukraine so clearly shows, the process of self-liberation from communism was, by definition, associated with a gigantic privatization.
10999- In many cases, refugees built their own new homes.
11000- The enduring impact of the Holocaust, explored in hundreds of books and films, was to portray Nazism as the ultimate expression of evil.
11001- The most important measures required cutting budget deficits, often at the cost of lowering public expenditures.
11002- Finally, policy reforms that are imposed by multilateral lenders are rarely conducive to desirable outcomes.
11003- Unfortunately, Iraq has become a breeding ground for radical Islam, owing to the brutality that the Iraqi people suffered under Saddam and now at the hands of the occupation forces.
11004- This seems especially true when a government tries to enact radical economic or political reforms.
11005- The WTO is at a crossroads. It sorely needs to liberalize trade progressively.
11006- How strong will Ahmadinejad's domestic position be then?
11007- Mature democracies produce a variety of mechanisms -- political parties are the most visible -- through which social interests are articulated and translated into public policy.
11008- Thus, fighting Al Qaeda is not a war.
11009- Europe clearly would be better off with Chirac weakened than strengthened, even if it means a temporary slowing of the pace of integration.
11010- The one thing you cannot do is fail to decide.
11011- Impending aggression cannot be documented in secret dossiers but only by events that can be filmed by CNN.
11012- The fundamental weakness of Russia's emerging political system, with its excessive centralization, its reliance on individual personnel rather than institutions, and the declining quality of its management, is starting to show.
11013- The 60% turnout in the January elections and the scenes of Iraqis risking their lives to vote has led to hopes that a political settlement in Iraq may be possible.
11014- In short, France has lost control of Europe.
11015- Despite the success and popularity of programs like ERASMUS, citizens don't perceive the EU's contribution to superior education or training.
11016- Bush then claimed that America went to war to liberate Iraq.
11017- CONAIE opposes the FTAA and is advancing a proposal entitled Alternatives for the Americas , which offers a more balanced approach to trade liberalization.
11018- The results were predictable: the 1998 bailout did not work, but devaluation did.
11019- However, the usefulness of this treatment relies on the fact that PARP1 inhibitors are completely non-toxic to humans.
11020- Indeed, their serene patience stands in stark contrast to the anxious reticence of Russian leaders, who have yet to surmount the humiliation that Russia suffered as a result of the Soviet Union's disintegration at the end of the Cold War.
11021- Earlier in the day, we'd witnessed a hundred capuchin and squirrel monkeys rush down from the Amazon jungle canopy and were now relaxing beside Lake Chalalan while her cousin, a shaman, blessed coca leaves as the evening's traditional drumming and dancing began.
11022- This is a big plus for sustaining economic recovery.
11023- An increase in gasoline taxes is set for January 2003. Income tax relief due in 2003 has been postponed.
11024- The world is awash in information, some of it accurate, some misleading.
11025- By keeping the price of public services frozen, the government would win on two fronts: inflation would be held in check and altered incentives would shift investment from the domestic sector towards exporting firms.
11026- But Naif (age 77), his full brothers - including Sultan (age 82) - and their supporters within the Wahhabi establishment appear too entrenched to allow that to happen.
11027- But the current crisis cannot be solved by words alone.
11028- Why is America in trouble?
11029- But European social solidarity too often has pursued its objectives through economically costly direct interventions in labor markets rather than in more market-neutral ways.
11030- While an end to all contacts would probably lead to further radicalization, negotiations and the mere prospect of a future settlement may reinforce the influence of moderates.
11031- Is Free Trade With the US Right for Central America?
11032- With the exception of international terrorists and remnants of Saddam Hussein's regime, almost everyone, including Iraqis who eye America's occupying forces with suspicion, wish to see the task of rebuilding Iraq, both politically and materially, fulfilled.
11033- Annan inspired the world with his diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights, but the war in Iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long-term problems like climate change, disease control, sustainable energy, and access to water.
11034- A repeat performance this summer would make it all but unshakeable.
11035- Will China's Capitalist Revolution Turn Democratic
11036- Of course, there are many different kinds of democratic transitions, and lumping them all together might be misleading.
11037- In 1967, researchers produced a genetic tree of a score of animals and fungi that had virtually the same branching order as would have been drawn by a classical biologist, even though their computer was utterly ignorant of the comparative anatomy, paleontology, embryology, and other non-molecular attributes of these creatures.
11038- The Pew Global Attitudes Project for 2003 highlights countries in which few people recognize the importance of elections: 28% in Jordan, 37% in Russia, 40% in Indonesia.
11039- Shell's Corrupt Shell Game in Nigeria
11040- This, together with the prominence of the advisory board (which includes well-known Egyptian sociologist Saad Eddin Ibrahim, French expert on political Islam Gilles Kepel, and Flynt Leverett, a Brookings Institution Fellow) and the sensitivity of minority rights in general, combined to give the Project national, regional, and international notice.
11041- Hundreds of human rights and international justice groups from Africa and beyond have joined together in protest.
11042- Precisely because they opposed the war, they are now the only countries that can restore Europe's unity of action in promoting stability.
11043- But we need capabilities that are different from those needed during the Cold War.
11044- The country's "new nationalism" will end in tears for both Germany and Europe.
11045- But two other government parties, the National Alliance (a nationalist party) and the UDC (a Catholic one) have their electoral bases mainly in the South and oppose Bossi's project because it conflicts with their interests.
11046- Like the Italian President, we believe the negotiations should focus mainly on the central institutional questions.
11047- Hekmatyar and Al-Qaida expect their task to be easier since the enemy is likely to have its attention focused on Iraq.
11048- Most importantly, Lagos leaves office having erased from the constitution the dictator's signature.
11049- The advance of knowledge is often a mixed blessing.
11050- Beauty is resistant to the hubbub of the absurd.
11051- More to the point, this is not a new war.
11052- Second, inflows of new workers bring substantial benefits as well as losses: in France, which suffers a shortage of some 6,000 plumbers, there must be plenty of households that would be pleased to find someone qualified to do repair work.
11053- Nevertheless, the distinction is important and seems lost on the US -- and a host of other countries -- which have lumped the nationalist groups together with Al-Qaeda and Jemaah Islamiyah (JI) in their lists of terrorist organizations.
11054- Communities living in mountainous areas, such as in the Andes, or Central Asia, or the highlands of East Africa, are especially isolated.
11055- No man is an island, the poet John Donne said.
11056- Life in Europe will only remain worth living if all cultures and religions accept the laws that represent the common interest.
11057- So member states have precious little incentive to continue the reform process?
11058- It will continue doing so until, at the end of the rainbow, Japan or Europe compare favorably with the US investment climate.
11059- There are some who say that this would mean a loss of influence on the part of those countries which choose not to integrate more closely.
11060- Another important task was to help bring stability to the troubled Balkan region after the breakup of Yugoslavia and the resultant wars in Bosnia and Kosovo.
11061- Many of those who are harmed are poor, uneducated, and politically powerless.
11062- A series of bold foreign-policy strokes -- the Asia Cooperation Dialogue, the Economic Cooperation Strategy for the development of mainland Southeast Asia, and America's designation of Thailand as a "major non-NATO ally" -- turned the international spotlight on Thaksin during his first term.
11063- Thailand, Turkey, and Singapore also have first-rate universities in the sciences, including biotechnology.
11064- Unlike a directly elected president in classic presidentialism, such a legislatively produced president could be voted out by a "constructive vote of no confidence," leaving incumbents subject to "coalition requiring" and "coalition sustaining" incentives.
11065- The EU wants to solve this problem by limiting migration for a transition period of up to seven years.
11066- Indeed, President Bush recently invited journalists to imagine the world 50 years from now.
11067- As long as moderates keep their heads, a new Netherlands may be born out of the terrible events of the past weeks.
11068- Yet the evidence is compelling that, on average, the gains to the poor from growth outweigh the losses.
11069- Nor would innovation by one company help.
11070- IMF-style neo-liberals are now trotting out an interpretation that amounts to a belated declaration of victory.
11071- The best response to intolerant extremism is to cultivate an open and pluralistic society that treats all those who live within its borders as full citizens.
11072- Granted, transatlantic diversity might cause occasional squabbles.
11073- Although China has become Japan's largest partner in trade and foreign direct investment, nationalists in the two countries have fueled each other's extremism, while their governments play with fire.
11074- The US has never had a no-first-strike policy, but it has likewise never had a policy such as that embodied in the Nuclear Policy Review.
11075- Do people think it is easy for a 12-trillion-dollar economy to spend beyond its means year after year just to prop up other countries' reputations for stability?
11076- Different traditions in tactical and strategic thinking also matter--to say nothing of the unique way Europeans forged their current cooperative arrangements out of aggressive nation-states that shared a common civilization.
11077- Italy's economic ills are well known.
11078- In the postcommunist states this process remains incomplete.
11079- It relies on plants (plankton sometimes supplemented by agricultural by-products in the case of freshwater fish) to generate a net addition to the fish food supply available to consumers.
11080- But the poorer countries pay much of the "costs" - losing up to 8% of their GDP per year due to environmental degradation, as well as suffering devastating effects on health and human welfare.
11081- by Ralf Dahrendorf
11082- Of course, Russia won't look on happily if the EU tries to lure Ukraine.
11083- Each time, he moves a little closer toward death.
11084- A moment's reflection should raise another question: does Bush's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America's Commander-in-Chief?
11085- In the early 1980's, the predominant view on the Left was that the ancient Hindu caste system was a variant of European feudalism.
11086- It depends on whether a people close themselves off in hope that the various winds of this world will pass them by; or, whether a nation takes the opposite tack and conducts itself as true inhabitants of this continent and of this planet, that is, as people engaged with the world and who assume their share of responsibility for it.
11087- So let me place my bet - which I think is only 60% likely - and say that my best guess is that world real interest rates will be high over the next generation, and that current bond prices (and real estate prices) are not sustainable.
11088- Or just another dinosaur?
11089- Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown has devised an ambitious proposal to help in this fight.
11090- Ahmedinejad's purpose is simple: find the weak spots in the chain that links Europe to its past and, through this past, to Israel and the US.
11091- The name itself makes it a winner, and the presidents can enjoy watching the fireworks between suave British spy Bond (Sean Connery) and his fetching Russian KGB counterpart Tatiana (Daniela Bianchi).
11092- This is easily explained by their geographic segregation, higher levels of unemployment, higher school dropout rates, and disproportionately frequent interactions with the criminal justice system.
11093- However, with the German and US economies slowing precipitously, the ECB would have a perfect cover for its interest-rate moves.
11094- This is not the most likely scenario, but it is not unthinkable.
11095- For Europe's governments, fostering champions increasingly means providing benefits to non-national customers and employees -- a dubious use of taxpayer money.
11096- But it is a mistake to confuse primacy with empire.
11097- The terrorists have picked the wrong fight.
11098- In the United States, President George W. Bush and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice see the problems as linked, as does British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
11099- In a globalized world, what happens in rich countries has an impact on developing economies. Yet, there is little discussion of the opportunities and challenges this presents.
11100- Here is one idea.
11101- A competitive, innovative and resource-efficient economy.
11102- Similarly, dozens of South Americans and Africans play in Russian, Turkish, Polish, and various Southeast European leagues.
11103- There are many such people, tens of millions, but they are not always politically engaged and united.
11104- Whereas India is not yet nearly the factor in global trade that China has become, its 1.2 billion people are pushing inexorably onto the scene.
11105- But how is this identity to be defined?
11106- This vigilance is also reflected in the prompt legislative response to recent financial scandals.
11107- It is as legitimate to oppose certain Israeli policies and decisions as it is to scrutinize any nation.
11108- It will take time for Asia's leaders to shed the burdens of the past, in some cases especially where relations with the West are concerned.
11109- There are no big productivity differences between Finland and Portugal when it comes to standing behind a counter selling stockings.
11110- In short, Japan's popular culture was still producing potential soft-power resources even after its economy slowed down.
11111- In one southern African country, a leadership group comprising representing the ministry of health, local non-governmental organizations, as well as multi-lateral and bi-lateral aid groups, created a proposal for the Global Fund.
11112- His predecessor, Francois Mitterand, was elected president for the first time in 1981, and made his first appearance in government in 1956.
11113- When Israel attempts vainly to defeat Hezbollah, it tries to avoid painful but necessary political compromises over disputed territory.
11114- Some models project that by the end of this century, the zone of potential malaria transmission will contain about 60% of the world's population, up from 45% now.
11115- Even in the US, a country that fancies itself as a model of democracy, African-Americans were not truly enfranchised until the mid-1960's.
11116- We now know that the apparent increases in global fish catches in the 1990's were due to massive over-reporting to the FAO by China.
11117- Russia and the West After Iraq
11118- But the unscientific standards and regulations that she defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health, stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity, help clean up toxic wastes, conserve water, and supplant agricultural chemicals.
11119- Migration is also an important explanation for these differences.
11120- The Fund also actively monitors capital market developments, and is implementing a more systematic assessment of debt sustainability.
11121- Yet closer relations have brought controversy.
11122- The Soviet Union may have been doomed, but the world has Gorbachev to thank for the fact that the empire he oversaw ended without a bloody conflagration.
11123- Close ties between the state and their Orthodox churches forged state religions that helped to create a strong sense of national messianism.
11124- As is so often the case in such circumstances, the CEO pleads innocence: he knew nothing about what his underlings were doing.
11125- Back to the Politics of Cultural Despair
11126- A common position has been reached on four more measures, including directives on investment services, on transparency, and on takeovers.
11127- Investors need to take account of the effectiveness of domestic legal institutions, not just the laws on the books.
11128- Recent attempts to influence developments in these countries through threats and sanctions, and sometimes war, have failed.
11129- The World Bank's designation as a "bank" understates its importance and its multifaceted roles.
11130- In fact, only businesspeople may now be able to influence events: a sharp and pronounced slowdown, with Russian capital showing its displeasure by voting with its feet, might be the last hope for turning the prosecutors from their chosen course.
11131- Simply put, the long-term prosperity of developed economies depends on their capacity to create and satisfy new consumer desires.
11132- This is no small challenge, but there is no viable alternative.
11133- Some opponents of patents argue that government-sponsored research is enough to develop new drugs, but history shows that, although government-sponsored research is good at basic science, the profit-based private sector is best at developing and introducing new products.
11134- This would encourage greater sympathy for and empathy with the different needs and impulses of women and men--and a deeper appreciation that the male paradigm is not the only valid one within which to live life and excel in science.
11135- For millions of Russians corruption is the normal way of life.
11136- Then we would study the genotypes of these mice--the particular variants of their genes.
11137- Indeed, asked at a conference in London what would be the worst news his staff could bring him, Senegal's President Wade quipped: ``that oil has been discovered just off our coast.''
11138- By spurring this institutional reform, moreover, economic prospects also brighten, not least by Turkey's ability to attract larger flows of foreign direct investment.
11139- By contrast, countries like China and India, which avoided a surge of capital inflows, managed to maintain highly competitive domestic currencies, and thereby kept profitability and investment high.
11140- Where colonial constructions force disparate peoples together by the arbitrariness of a colonial map-maker's pen, nationhood becomes elusive.
11141- Denmark
11142- Greater economic openness, coupled with the fixed nominal exchange rate, ended China's inflationary roller-coaster ride, and, after 1994, real GDP growth also became more stable.
11143- 
11144- In the past countries could achieve high living standards by exploiting natural resources.
11145- The same kind of erosion in home prices could occur in many cities around the world.
11146- People are not as stupid or lazy as politicians and bureaucrats think.
11147- Keynes, of course, also reminded us that in the long run we are all dead. When his own influence was greatest--in the 1950's and, above all, the 1960s--he in fact was dead.
11148- Naturally, everything can change in the future, including Russia's constitutional norms.
11149- Tolerance has limits.
11150- Such a direct method is the wellspring of authoritarianism.
11151- Europe is in search of its identity.
11152- Even if the summit produces few specific results, it can make a difference if three demands are made of the summiteers:
11153- Elroy Dimson, Paul Marsh, and Mike Staunton wrote in their book Triumph of the Optimists that of 15 countries that have advanced economies today, the US stock market ranked fourth in its rate of return between 1900 and 2000, behind Australia, Sweden, and South Africa.
11154- All stick and little carrot has failed to quell Chechen nationalism, and President Vladimir Putin's similarly heavy-handed attempts to control Russia's so-called "near abroad" -- as in Ukraine during the Orange Revolution -- have proven no more successful.
11155- Hitler changed the law in 1934 in the megalomaniac belief that the whole world owed him a duty of loyalty.
11156- When -- surprise, surprise! -- this turns out to be impossible, they give up on reform altogether.
11157- If a decent credit culture can be created, people can have access to tomorrow's income today.
11158- Not one detainee has been accorded prisoner-of-war status; none has been granted a hearing as required by the Geneva Conventions in cases of doubt.
11159- A little longer, and he would outlast Margaret Thatcher's record-breaking tenure, which must have been a temptation.
11160- The legitimacy of the principal agent also depends on not looking like an imperialist.
11161- We can examine America's behavior in recent history.
11162- The fatwas (legal opinions concerning Islamic law) that they issue appear unreasonable and cannot be accepted by those with scientific knowledge.
11163- Several surveys show that adults reporting childhood sexual abuse often say that there was a period of time when they "could not remember" their abuse.
11164- If wars are fought on moral or religious grounds, no basis for restraint exists.
11165- Germans need to understand again -- as they did so well after 1945 -- that their future lies in their own hands, as citizens, rather than in the power of some remote State.
11166- Consider Mexico's trade balance with the US since the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) came into effect. In the years between 1995 and 2002, Mexico's annual trade deficit with the US increased to $1 billion.
11167- It harms no one, and should not be penalized.
11168- Despite Sharon's absence, Kadima maintains its lead in public opinion polls -- the most recent gave it 44 of the Knesset's 120 seats, compared to 21 for Labor and 14 for the right-wing rump-Likud, under Binyamin Netanyahu.
11169- Instead the reforms were decreed from high above, without having any grassroots support -- and thus with no lasting durability.
11170- hire staff based solely on merit;
11171- Alternatively, the General Assembly might propose several candidates to the Security Council, from which the Council would choose one to refer back to the Assembly for approval.
11172- -3.4
11173- First, one should consider the severity of the crimes committed by those who would escape punishment. Second, we should consider how much death and suffering would be avoided by letting such a ruler and his henchmen go free.
11174- So the UK and Sweden are right in questioning whether it will deliver better growth to them.
11175- The successors to those dictators, however, found this turn of events to be an unwanted complication in their political "thaws"; more sophisticated mechanisms to induce fear among their peoples were needed, and there are few deterrents to dissident activity more potent than the threat of removal to an institution for the criminally insane.
11176- Senator John McCain, another leading Republican, though one often ready to disagree with Bush, expressed regret for the civilian deaths, but added, "I can't tell you that we wouldn't do the same thing again."
11177- 0.6
11178- East Asian countries have relatively liberal trade policies and are reasonably well integrated into the global economy.
11179- He reacts to Russia's domestic problems - widespread poverty, the situation in Chechnya, the fight against oligarchs - just as clearly, promptly, and explicitly, while most other politicians either keep silent or mumble incoherently.
11180- In Brussels on December 11th, eminent personalities from Africa and all over the world will launch an appeal open to signatures to internationalize their struggle.
11181- Arab oil-exporting countries embargoed oil sales to the US and the Netherlands to punish them for their support of Israel.
11182- In 2003, the Brazilian Amazon lost 23,750 square kilometers of forest -- an area nearly the size of Belgium.
11183- What is needed is precisely the opposite: an increase in the cost of child quantity.
11184- Confidence is important, but it is only one factor.
11185- That happened to Yue Zhengzhong, who sent an intercepted letter to the US Embassy praising the 1999 bombing of China's Embassy in Belgrade.
11186- And yet they do not often overtake one another, because the distances between them are so large.
11187- The same is true of Britain.
11188- This certainly seems to be the market psychology in China and India, where rapidly rising incomes and newly successful people are widely expected to put pressure on markets for land, real estate, and construction materials.
11189- However, new reports show a thinning of the ozone layer over the Arctic, and last year's Antarctic ozone hole was as large and deep as ever.
11190- Charles Taylor was President of Liberia when the Tribunal for Sierra Leone indicted him.
11191- Berlusconi's Silent Majority
11192- Two sets of trends are at work.
11193- Anger overflows.
11194- For free societies to flourish, the boundaries of free speech should always be widened rather than narrowed.
11195- The result was a flowering of science and mathematics.
11196- Once again, Malaysia ' s Mahathir Muhammed acerbic tongue has incited controversy.
11197- After all, saving statistical lives does save individuals.
11198- Annan's failures in such situations are almost invariably glossed over.
11199- In other words, Monti should think hard about redirecting his limited resources to the right battlefield.
11200- Two Nightmare Scenarios
11201- A radical lawlessness was at the heart of Ukraine's privatization process.
11202- Most women in basic sciences seem to be uninterested from the outset in playing such games.
11203- But, owing to China's skewed economic structure, its exchange-rate regime presents much more challenging problems than those encountered by Japan and other East Asian economies.
11204- Although as small countries they have learnt that the big ones usually get their way, they deeply resented the Berlin meeting because they see in it an attempt to limit their rights in the club they are about to join.
11205- In her devastating new book Mao: The Unknown Story , Jung Chang (author of the international bestseller Wild Swans ) exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that Mao was a tyrannical, cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even Stalin and Hitler.
11206- Her catalogue of Mao's "correct practice" is numbing in its immorality and bloodthirstiness.
11207- This reflected deeper problems of domestic inequality created by nineteenth-century economic progress.
11208- He is determined that his plan becomes his political legacy.
11209- Barring an unlikely international agreement, China, like Germany in 1973, will have to let its currency float.
11210- Although the rise 25 years ago of Solidarity, the first independent civic movement in the former Soviet empire, had huge political consequences, Solidarity was, primarily, neither a political movement nor a labor union.
11211- There is even disagreement about whether Hu's trip to Washington is an official "state visit."
11212- The effects of localized violence were also made clear in the survey: 17% of Kurds, 41% of Shi'ites, and 77% of Sunnis felt that life in Iraq is unpredictable and dangerous, a clear demonstration of the effects of the ongoing resistance that is centered in the Sunni Triangle.
11213- So farmers refused to plant trees, cashew processors refused to take their resources elsewhere, and urban workers refused to look for other jobs.
11214- Pakistan, which was created as the putative homeland of the Muslims of South Asia, contested this accession, precipitating the first of three Indo-Pakistani wars over the state.
11215- But suppression won't make these issues go away; it only lets them fester.
11216- Derivatives markets for real estate should also facilitate the creation of mortgage loans that help homeowners manage risks by, say, reducing the amount owed if a home's value drops.
11217- This situation must be changed."
11218- So it is surprising that this choice is not at the center of the political debate in the campaign for the presidency now underway.
11219- It is no coincidence that a well-known book on developmental psychology bears the title The Scientist in the Crib, a work that traces the parallels between small children's behavior and the processes and research strategies that are usual in science.
11220- Of course, there are still roughly 1,500 studies of a multitude of treatments: psychopharmaceutical drugs, ECT, bright light, exercise, psychotherapies, and even acupuncture.
11221- In essence, Dmitriy Rogozin is currently the only real political orator in Russia - a highly advantageous position, particularly in an era of mediocrity.
11222- For the general expectation is that if France rejects the Constitution, the Constitution would be dead, and no British referendum would be needed.
11223- The peaceful coexistence between the country's myriad ethnic, religious, and tribal groups is the result of a complex layer of concessions, compromises, tacit agreements, and other pragmatic arrangements perfected over the centuries.
11224- When it was unveiled in 2000, the Colombia Plan had a double rationale: to slash narcotics production and exports while strengthening Colombia's counterinsurgency campaign against the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebels.
11225- Why is obesity increasing almost everywhere?
11226- But the United States has not learned its lesson.
11227- Likewise, the US must employ incentives as well as penalties -- and not sequence its diplomacy so that a problem country must meet every requirement before it can receive meaningful benefits.
11228- The major barrier is the region's great diversity in economic and institutional development.
11229- Bill Clinton did nothing for eight years, Francois Mitterrand did nothing for twelve.
11230- European economic integration -- in all its aspects -- reflects the desire to integrate Europe politically, which, at least in my view, implies that European economic and monetary integration is irreversible.
11231- Lebanon's infrastructure -- especially in the south -- has been decimated. Homes and livelihoods have been destroyed.
11232- From the start, he declared that the attacks on New York were directly aimed at his country.
11233- They tinkered very little with what the first Solidarity government did; moreover, they didn't do much of anything else.
11234- Yet despite all this, I have no doubt that an attempt will be made to bring down Russia's government by means outside the voting booth when the next presidential election is due in 2008.
11235- Fortunately, even if Bush does not understand such basic principles, America's courts do, and they are now, albeit belatedly, forcing his administration to abide by them.
11236- 
11237- Yet this cooperation has failed to stymie the fusion of terrorist and criminal activity.
11238- Weimar Germany blindly poisoned itself.
11239- Soldiers charged with mutiny have received the death penalty.
11240- The two of you also went against conventional Israeli thinking by breaking away from your Likud party, greatly weakening the ideological stranglehold that Likud's far-right central committee held on Israeli politics.
11241- So, instead of promoting growth, the "united economic space" will retard it by discouraging competition and investment.
11242- Migration policy became more restrictive, as some big recipients of immigration began to debate selectivity in their choice of immigrants.
11243- That means, above all, avoiding trade that makes it more difficult to pursue those aims.
11244- A heat wave in France in 2003 caused an estimated 35,000 deaths, and a hot spell similar to the one Britain had last month caused more than 2,000 deaths, according to official estimates.
11245- Europe also seems likely to disappoint.
11246- Concern that the levees might break in the midst of a powerful hurricane was widespread among scientists, engineers, and emergency-preparedness experts.
11247- What united prisoners of conscience in the 1960's, 1970's, and 1980's was the faith that one day their countries would find their place in a united Europe.
11248- Even after the crises of the 1990s, institutional arrangements in many countries still fail to establish these conditions.
11249- What would happen?
11250- Children who work in the garbage dumps are prone to skin and respiratory problems, while those who work with paints eventually become addicted to the intoxicants that they inhale.
11251- Hamas has launched an intensive media campaign to appropriate the Israeli withdrawal as a victory of its "armed struggle."
11252- Still others will have to export citrus, grains, processed foods, etc.
11253- What Octavio Paz once called Mexico's "labyrinth of solitude" toward the world beyond its borders was built on a sense of inferiority and a propensity for passivity.
11254- Finally, the referendum contains an unstated question about the future of European Monetary Union (EMU) and the euro.
11255- Fifty years later, these goals are no longer relevant.
11256- The answers lie mostly in the extent of the scandal and the facts, but also in the jaded nature of many Latin Americans to accusations of corruption: everybody does it, and the left is no worse than the rest.
11257- The IMF has required that Brazil run a "primary surplus" (i.e. interest on government debt is excluded in the budget calculations) of 3.75% on its budget.
11258- Or will religious solidarities reshape Turkey's orientation, as the new government joins other Muslim countries in opposing any invasion of Iraq?
11259- All they need and care about is stable, predictable rules.
11260- Can anything pull the Atlantic alliance's policies on arms exports together?
11261- While taking care not to anger northern voters by openly distancing himself from Shari'ah, Buhari pledges to uphold the nation's secular constitution.
11262- Investors suddenly abandoned the region not because it was collapsing but because other investors were fleeing.
11263- Reforming Japan's Constitution
11264- The best American universities operate their hiring processes internally, relying on outsiders only for expert opinions on the quality of a candidate professor's research.
11265- He is free to do what he wants- free to betray state priorities, free to crush the life of every Ukrainian; free to hand out bits and pieces of the national economy to the favored few who do his bidding.
11266- I can still feel, with shame, the sense of being not only unwanted but of being an illegitimate invader in a proud country.
11267- China's rulers may have stalled democratic trends for now, but the current strategy has, perhaps, merely delayed the inevitable.
11268- All of this is taking place in a nation where Communist ideology remains strong and that remains in many respects a military dictatorship which threatens to conquer Taiwan by force, as well as uses North Korea, Pakistan, and Libya as stalking horses for weapons development.
11269- All societies require an effective government that can provide vital and irreplaceable public services and infrastructure.
11270- Sixty years ago, Arak was a humble village known to US troops for its grapes; today Pentagon officials hone in on it as an industrial city that is integral to Iran's worrisome nuclear program.
11271- The first reason still holds true.
11272- Last year, five tons of heroin was smuggled through the lands now overseen by the United Nations and NATO.
11273- This was an important signal that those elected to the National Assembly understood that democracy does not mean merely the will of the majority.
11274- Countries that cannot borrow in international markets in their own currency lack that power.
11275- He's not yet a hostage of the bureaucracy, but he regularly loses major battles.
11276- 1.2
11277- Indeed, he has become the first elected Thai leader to finish a four-year term, be re-elected, and preside over a one-party government.
11278- Instead of performing these household jobs themselves, Americans pay other people to do them. Americans eat more often in restaurants, make ample use of laundry, dry-cleaning, and shopping services, and hire nannies to take care of young infants.
11279- Although they lacked experience in narcotics eradication, many NGOs based in Peshawar and Pakistan's North West Frontier jumped at the opportunity to secure USAID money, proposing ill-considered programs.
11280- In April, he wrote that the end of Saddam's hold on power in Iraq ``provided the opportunity for the enemies of the regime to shed crocodile tears at democracy and to denounce repression and dictatorship as an indirect gesture welcoming the American occupation.''
11281- The case against a Yanukovich counter-revolution is that it would be just that: a ruthless effort to undo Ukraine's democratic and legal reforms.
11282- Should we incarcerate all women who carry out these mutilations on their fellow women?
11283- The prize is higher living standards for Russia's long-suffering people and a recovery in the country's international standing.
11284- But it did not make up facts; it merely reflected majority Arab opinion.
11285- I lived that paradisiacal summer in a little Moldavian town, overwhelmed by the miraculous banality of a normal, secure environment.
11286- The main problem is that a directly elected Commission President might be premature: Europe may not be ready for such a radical change.
11287- There may yet be a soft landing, whether slow or fast: during the last major dollar cycle, between 1985 and 1987, the dollar fell by 40% without ever causing panic, major bankruptcies, or a demand by investors for a substantial dollar risk premium to compensate them for holding assets denominated in a declining currency.
11288- Instead, brutal Israeli actions produce only more determined Palestinian reaction, and the cycle of killing and violence continues.
11289- Property rights and the rule of law are always important so that investors--both current and prospective--can expect to retain the money they make.
11290- As with any change in technology that increases the volume of international trade in goods and services, the outsourcing of service-sector jobs creates winners and losers -- but almost surely more and bigger winners than losers.
11291- But Israel has officially rejected its basic premises with patently unacceptable caveats and prerequisites.
11292- But put things in perspective: Jacques Chirac is not Charles de Gaulle; and Europe has moved far beyond the time when its agenda was unilaterally written by France.
11293- Even so, not only foreign investors and local big businesses are worried by his rise in opinion polls.
11294- Although those proceedings were admirable in many ways, including in the care taken to protect the procedural rights of the defendants, they have always been tainted by the charge of "victor's justice."
11295- If the world economy is to recover, the diplomatic failures and name-calling must end.
11296- The late Rudiger Dornbusch - who used to write this column - used to say that unsustainable situations lasted longer than economists who believed in market rationality and equilibrium could imagine possible. They then tended to collapse more quickly than anyone could believe.
11297- In either case, the individual is thrown back on himself to reflect upon and come to terms with his native religious tradition.
11298- In the aftermath of the Madrid bombings, the EU focused on internal aspects of the fight against terrorism.
11299- The Meiji oligarchs also propagandized that politicians concerned with narrow party and personal interests were unpatriotic.
11300- There seem to be two common characteristics of the descent into barbarism. The first is the relentless human tendency to classify the world as "us" versus "them," and then to reduce "them" to sub-human status.
11301- The country would then focus on domestic issues such as economic development, improving its public institutions, and raising living standards.
11302- Within a year of the end of the war there were indigenous administrations, within two years elections.
11303- The greatest risk of death is at the beginning of life: three-quarters of all neonatal deaths (three million) occur within one week of birth, and at least one million babies die on their first day of life, many at home without any formal healthcare.
11304- In the space of just three weeks, she visited 96 villages to promote chicken-raising.
11305- We look back now at the Cold War as a great victory for freedom.
11306- Hundreds of millions of dollars in relief funds received from abroad mysteriously disappeared.
11307- Furthermore, it should be easier to adopt the new framework when times are good -- like now, when growth is strong and inflation is low.
11308- Third, exciting developments in technologies for studying our brains and genes have created the hope that we are about to discover the biological causes of, and solutions to, human misery and confusion.
11309- The Mugabe regime has committed outrage after outrage.
11310- Revealed truth, the Cardinal seemed to say, must be accorded primacy over the truths science reveals through reason.
11311- Foreign direct investment will flow in, bringing more access to world-class technology and further boosting economic growth.
11312- Will Morales renegotiate the laws and contracts governing Bolivia's vast natural gas reserves, as his government is rightly committed to do, in a way that does not scare away urgently needed foreign investment?
11313- Such gatherings are unprecedented to the extent that they bring together groups that never talked before.
11314- They dominate the intellectual scene to such an extent that alternatives seem to have no chance.
11315- During his campaign, Morales made clear his intention to increase state control over national gas and oil. But he had made it equally clear that he did not intend to expropriate the property of energy firms -- he wanted foreign investors to stay.
11316- The new European Commission has been named.
11317- According to the Koran, a Muslim is anyone who bears witness that "there is no God (Allah) but Allah, and that Muhammad is his Rasul (Messenger)."
11318- Investments in education, health, research, and the environment will almost inevitably be crowded out.
11319- It is possible that at some point the Arabs will agree among themselves that the creation of a Palestinian state that claims to be committed to peaceful coexistence with Israel will be a useful tactic.
11320- Confidence in the Euro, along with mounting evidence of America's economic mismanagement, provided an opportunity for Europe to lower interest rates to stimulate growth.
11321- We also know that stabilization funds - which set aside some of the money earned when prices are high - can help reduce the economic volatility associated with natural resource prices.
11322- Similarly, in March 2005, Rafsanjani reiterated Iran's refusal to dismantle its nuclear fuel cycle facilities, as the EU and the IAEA had demanded, insisting that "we can't stop our nuclear program and won't stop it."
11323- An increase in military spending, in conjunction with an enforcement of the stability pact, should bring about a trimming of the non-defense budget: the public sector wage bill and a welfare state grown far beyond the goal of supporting the incomes of the poor, would of necessity need to be trimmed sharply.
11324- The problem is not a lack of reserves, but Gazprom's investment strategy.
11325- Interestingly, research on the rationales of people who have legally hastened their death under the Oregon Death with Dignity Act reveals that the fear of pain and other distressing symptoms was not a major concern in most cases.
11326- It plays handily into the Bush administration's recall to office of veterans of the anti-Sandinista "Contra War" of the 1980's, including Elliot Abrams, John Negroponte, Roger Noriega, Dan Fisk, and Otto Reich.
11327- Hamas has declared that it will not nominate its own candidate for the PA presidency.
11328- But Berlusconi's leadership is based on his skill as a communicator (which declines as expectations go unfulfilled) more than on his skill as a mediator among squabbling allies.
11329- The problem lies not in seeing the solution, but in getting to it, because powerful and often violent minorities on both sides oppose the majority-backed solution.
11330- But the concept needs to be adapted to a world in which the main challenges to order come from what global forces do to states and what governments do to their citizens rather than from what states do to one another.
11331- The DR-CAFTA pays lip service to international labor standards as enshrined in the International Labor Organization's core labor rights, but promptly throws them overboard.
11332- In 2005, the Association of University Teachers (AUT) called for a more limited boycott, singling out Bar Ilan and Haifa Universities for opprobrium.
11333- The irony here is that the Euro played an enormous part, directly and indirectly, in moving Britain, like other EU members, in the direction of free markets and fiscal discipline.
11334- So long as political masters yearn for quick fixes and high profile results, however, such programs are likely to yield only short�term successes.
11335- This unanimity of opinion no longer exists.
11336- Who will address inequality and divergent social interests?
11337- So far, the Euro's appreciation is close to 30% from the lows of two years ago, and there is every reason to believe that even more strengthening is to come.
11338- Frustrated international administrators, indeed, have forced Albania's political parties to form a coalition.
11339- These two scenarios follow a familiar story line: technological progress, such as the development of nuclear power, genetically modified organisms, information technologies, and synthetic organic chemistry, first promises salvation, but then threatens doom as the consequences, often environmental, become apparent.
11340- Britain is a good example of the confusions that attend mere pragmatism.
11341- The party actively supports Putin, but refrained from appearing in televised debates, possibly because it has no charismatic leaders of its own who can excite the public with sharp polemics.
11342- George W. Bush is that type of driver.
11343- Abe says that he would "expect" the early adoption of the referendum law needed to amend the constitution.
11344- Damascus maintains good political and economic relations with Russia, China, and key EU members, especially France, with its paternalistic attitude towards its former colony and its young president.
11345- If benefits are not reduced, the gap between receipts and expenditures will increase.
11346- Financial stability, strong productivity, flexibility and dynamism make the US one of the choice places for capital, and this influx of capital finances America's large current account deficits.
11347- Europe, in their view, was always a way of reclaiming world influence.
11348- After his ouster from power, in the seclusion of his dacha, he wrote: "My hands are covered with blood.
11349- They elected a party which called for "reform and change" in response to a decade of violence and lawlessness.
11350- Since India gained independence 58 years ago, billions of rupees have been doled out in numerous educational policies, but general primary education remains abysmal.
11351- All of these drops were eventually reversed, and all of these markets have boomed recently.
11352- In the Argentina of the 1940's and 1950's, Evita gathered multitudes.
11353- Brazil, for example, confronts an unambiguous case of market failure.
11354- Under this strain, medical research scientists are susceptible to the dream that their instruments and procedures have somehow freed them from the limitations of their minds and bodies.
11355- It has been argued that this was one of the problems of "belated nations" like Germany a hundred years ago.
11356- Lesbianism is, of course, a less threatening practice to the men who run Ghana.
11357- In the immediate aftermath of the October War of 1973, the Arab world rejoiced because the myth of Israeli invincibility had been shattered by Egypt's crossing of the Suez Canal and the Syrian offensive that swept across the Golan Heights.
11358- For those of us in Cuba old enough to take a similar trip, our journey with Che, the young man with the funny accent and starred beret, began with less romance.
11359- That gap is likely to widen as Europe's demographic profile darkens, and if productivity continues to grow more slowly than elsewhere in the industrial economies.
11360- We recognize that an unstable government can swing back to uncompromising intransigence.
11361- Moreover, it would reduce the fiscal burden on taxpayers in immigration countries, thereby preventing a competitive dismantling of West European welfare states driven by the aim of warding off expensive immigration.
11362- We will not wait for another version of this lesson.
11363- Of course, the building lacked poetry.
11364- No senior American or European leader should visit the region without raising human rights and defending individuals fighting for democracy.
11365- We are committed to South Korea's security and to our alliance and partnership with Seoul."
11366- Within the last few years, people throughout the world's most advanced economies have become acutely worried about the economic prowess of China, India, and other emerging countries with large low-wage populations.
11367- Why should people outside of Ukraine care?
11368- While repealing one law to satisfy his voters -- and get elected -- Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger promised new legislation that would restore undocumented workers' ability to obtain a driver's license.
11369- Are we to have pig police here?
11370- Mindfulness-based approaches have already proven that they will play an enormously important role in this.
11371- Who's Afraid of Al Jazeera?
11372- Behind this shortcoming lay various institutional and market distortions associated with industrial and other modern-sector activities in low-income environments.
11373- But the trade rules inscribed in DR-CAFTA promote profits for a few at the expense of the well being of the many.
11374- The Chinese government has neither censored nor refuted Hu's dreadful findings.
11375- At a moment when integration is being debated in France, Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work -- while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins.
11376- The retirements from frontline politics of Singapore's Lee Kuan Yew and Malaysia's Mahathir Mohamed have deprived Southeast Asia of its senior leaders.
11377- Unlike many emerging-market and transition economies in the 1990's, Russia did not abandon a fixed-exchange rate anchor in favor of an inflation-targeting regime as its guide to monetary-policy.
11378- Moreover, that learning process has been seriously contaminated.
11379- For hundreds of years, China held itself aloof from the world economy.
11380- Indeed, when North Korea approached Swedish academics to request training in business management, they insisted that the training take place in conditions as near to those prevailing in North Korea as possible.
11381- But this history means that the true real long-term interest rate was not as high in the 1980's as our measures show, because long-term inflation expectations must have been much higher than the one-year inflation rate was at the time.
11382- In short, it is beginning to look as though any success in the current round of trade talks will be based on agreements without substance.
11383- A recent study by UNESCO shows that in developing countries up to 60% of children do not complete primary school.
11384- This partly prevented ECOWAS from emulating the economic performance of it sister organizations, the Southern African Development Community (SADC) and the Common Market of East and Southern Africa (COMESA).
11385- This sharp deterioration in the US fiscal position means that long-term interest rates have fallen little, even as short-term interest rates reached record lows.
11386- Nationalist statements that would have been confined to the extremist newspaper Den in the early 1990's are now considered normal, "centrist," even commonplace.
11387- War and peace exist in Africa for reasons that are not always internal to Africa.
11388- America's influence in the world has suffered greatly in the last few years; the Bush administration's hypocritical use of free-market rhetoric while pursuing protectionist policies has made matters worse.
11389- But these are three difficult tasks to tackle if you are leading an economy mired in recession and confront a political establishment adamantly opposed to reform.
11390- We are entering a new and different era of US-European relations.
11391- The experience of beauty is closely related to knowledge of death.
11392- The relation of divine and secular fuels passionate debate throughout the Islamic world and in Israel, but the Orthodox idea of sinfonia -- the harmonious unity between society, state, and church -- constitutes a distinctive challenge to the acceptance of liberal democracy.
11393- Putin's Russia is essentially about the Kremlin and the bureaucracy.
11394- Civil society didn't exist.
11395- Environment ministers will not be able to cope with the pressures on oceans and forests, or the consequences of increasing extreme weather events like last year's Hurricane Katrina or this year's Typhoon Saomai -- China's worst in many decades.
11396- France is concerned that America's influence in NATO is too large, and opposes a global role in which NATO establishes special partnerships with Australia, New Zealand, Japan, and other countries.
11397- Not only anti-Europeans rejected the constitution; far from it.
11398- In these circumstances, governments can no longer maintain the barriers to information flows that historically protected officials from outside scrutiny.
11399- After all, the US had installed nuclear missiles near the USSR.
11400- Today's Lessons from the Cuban Missile Crisis
11401- This scenario has been repeated over and over in diverse contexts.
11402- The smouldering fires of Gujarat provide India's politician with a moment to do as Sen suggests.
11403- How it is received may not only determine the state of Israel-Palestine negotiations for a considerable time to come, but Saudi Arabia's domestic peace as well.
11404- For, if Mugabe can be let off the hook, will NEPAD's peer review process ever work?
11405- That American troops are being withdrawn from Korea and sent to Iraq is both unfortunate and revealing.
11406- These can be the boardrooms of companies, or private international meetings of leaders, or just a course of events which escapes all controls.
11407- Where they often diverge is in the means to achieve them.
11408- But if Iran turns away from terror and its pursuit of catastrophic weapons, it will find a US prepared to recast the relationship.
11409- Initially, refugees camps were set up, but the Greek Cypriot government decided that while it will not surrender the refugees' claim eventually to return to their homes in the North, it would do its utmost in the interim not to leave them vegetating in squalid camps.
11410- As a rule, people do not leave their homes on a whim or out of adventurousness.
11411- Between the organizational structure of Solidarity and the official state and party organizations there was what might be called a "gap between civilizations."
11412- These shared attitudes toward Ukrainian symbols and statehood owe much to a recognition that independence will not be well protected by forging a classic nation state, that is, a "Ukrainian Only" state.
11413- When the IAEA announced it wanted to inspect a suspected enrichment cascade within the Revolutionary Guards complex at Lavizan-Shian, Iran's government stalled for months until it could raze the site.
11414- The go-it-alone strategy practiced by most African countries has left them vulnerable to the whims of former colonial powers determined to perpetuate an international division of labor that assigns to Africa the role of supplier of basic products and raw materials, rather than skilled, well-paid labor.
11415- The economic picture is similarly uncertain.
11416- Guerrilla attacks on coalition soldiers show that no neat line separates ``before'' and ``after.''
11417- Conservative Saudi Arabia prefers dealing with traditional and predictable leaders, such as Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Lebanon's premier, Fouad Siniora, rather than firebrand populist leaders like Hezbollah's Hassan Nasrallah, Hamas' Khalid Meshal, and Iran's Ahmadinejhad.
11418- The last straws were this year's crises in Turkey and Argentina.
11419- But these should be made conditional on Kuchma leaving the country's constitution and democracy alone.
11420- Those captured face beheading in the traditional way.
11421- Ultimately, the liberal dream saw a blurring of lines of difference not only by common living spaces but also by intermarriage.
11422- Their vote was a protest against globalization, a rejection of the contemporary world, with its distant and incomprehensible governing mechanisms.
11423- Over the past ten years of economic transformation, unimaginable wealth has unaccountably disappeared from banks and companies; billions in taxes go unpaid.
11424- Several Central and Latin American countries have now chosen (or are considering) this path as well. But official dollarization, no less than a currency board, implies the absence of a lender of last resort.
11425- This made sense in 1945; it does not today.
11426- Mental illness invades the mind and the self, the same domains where political beliefs and social interests reside.
11427- For years, Arafat avoided holding elections, as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority, under the pretense that they cannot be held under occupation: but, lo and behold, two months after his demise, an election was held - and with resounding success.
11428- As a remedy, he set up a War Responsibility Re-Examination Committee at his newspaper to undertake a 14-month investigation into the causes of Japan's Pacific War.
11429- Enlargement Commissioner Olli Rehn has spelt it out with the necessary clarity: "If we stick to what we have ourselves decided at the highest political level in the European Council, as we should, I am reasonably confident that the negotiations shall start on the October 3."
11430- Offering workers legal redress has turned their attention temporarily from the streets to mediation and may well have reduced the number of street demonstrations.
11431- I had the chance to see one of these rivers -- and the proposed site of one of the country's most controversial dams -- on a recent trek through the stunning Tiger Leaping Gorge, north of the town of Lijiang in northern Yunnan.
11432- So the struggle against anti-Semitism is a task for Jews and non-Jews alike.
11433- This is apparently the natural way for Christians to think of Jews--reenacting in every generation the crime described by Matthew.
11434- Failure to act would mean a betrayal of the Afghan people, who in 2001 welcomed the US army and NATO forces as liberators.
11435- How can America recover international legitimacy?
11436- Unfortunately, every approach has shortcomings.
11437- Mainland officials justify the law in terms of clarifying their policy and establishing a legal premise for invading the island. In practice, however, the construction of legal foundations could weaken the Chinese government's operational flexibility when responding to a Taiwanese move toward independence.
11438- For Huxley, civilized society rose above nature by its systematic resistance to natural selection.
11439- Such a massive foreign influx into so hermetic a country could not but have a significant domestic impact.
11440- As so often in the rest of the world, windfall wealth such as came to Norway because of its oil and gas, can be a curse as much as it is a blessing.
11441- Long quiescent, Ecuador's Indians--like native groups in much of Latin America--are finding their political voice and making their presence felt.
11442- But European regulation is as nothing compared to the mountains of national laws and decrees, billions wasted in political patronage, and the colossal state machines that eat up 30-40% of the economic product of Europe's nation states.
11443- Clearly, political calculations played a role: Fabius intuitively felt that the French, especially those on the left, oppose the construction of Europe in its current form, and that carrying the banner of rejection could win him the party leadership -- and thus its presidential nomination in 2007.
11444- If only one were invited to join as a symbol of western determination, Russia would interpret this as appeasement, not steadfastness)
11445- After all, Zidane, arguably the world's best football player, left with a gesture that has no place in any game.
11446- View this from the oil producing side, however, and the darkness becomes visible.
11447- But there is no support in Europe for military action, and little backing for sanctions.
11448- Too many people in too many places are defying their oppressors and taking risks for freedom.
11449- Nor does it help Americans' mood that they spend far more of their lives working than do citizens in Europe or, these days, even Japan.
11450- If the Arabs believe their own argument that Zionism is colonialism, with themselves as the victims, then, whether or not anybody else accepts this view, the lessons that the Arabs glean from colonial experiences become relevant to prospects for peace between Arabs and Israelis.
11451- There can be few people who will be recognized as widely all over the globe as John Paul II.
11452- Ambivalent Arabia
11453- But Barghouti has begun speaking out from his jail cell on the political situation, and his presence is growing.
11454- President Bush has pushed stopping the spread of nuclear weapons to the top of the international agenda. Ironic, then, that America's nuclear weapons development program may promote the very proliferation it seeks to prevent, as US Senator Dianne Feinstein explains.
11455- For one thing, it is hard to decide whether such cultural patterns are causes or effects of dynamic economies.
11456- This may happen when old structures are swept away, and are not replaced with new ones in a prudent way.
11457- As the world's richest nations gather in Canada for the annual G-7 jamboree, their leaders should ask if the US and Europe face a similar fate.
11458- I served as one of the lawyers for the children.
11459- Prices did converge during the implementation of the Single Market program, in the early 1990's, but then price convergence stopped.
11460- Better still, they don't owe anything to Georgia's old power brokers.
11461- -4.2
11462- Angela Merkel was sometimes called the German Iron Lady, and that seems to have scared enough people to rob her of an expected victory.
11463- Countries that will receive invitations to join NATO during the Prague Summit will have had years of experience working with the Alliance as partners, notably in bringing peace and stability to the Balkans and Southeast Europe.
11464- For example:
11465- Equally unclear is why Khodorkovsky, the oligarch who has gone the farthest in making his business modern and transparent, the target of attack?
11466- America is telling us not to.
11467- Conditions set by donor countries will vary.
11468- Is the same thing true of the ECB?
11469- America simply could not adhere to its own democracy-promotion script.
11470- The defining moment came with the Wassenaar agreement of that year--a pact between employers and trade unions, reached with the active encouragement of government.
11471- Fear and Loathing in the First World
11472- In July, however, the Constitutional Court--staffed by several justices appointed by Ríos Montt--ruled in favor of permitting him to participate in the election.
11473- The conductor stopped her, saying that ticketed passengers were not allowed on the train!
11474- Moreover, there is an acute risk that the power vacuum created in Iraq will fuse the Israeli-Arab conflict, Iraq, and Afghanistan into one regional mega-crisis.
11475- The whole point of crisis management was to avoid risks to the system and thus bankruptcy.
11476- Europe, in fact, might be on the verge of a major political re-alignment if the French vote No and Tony Blair wins big in the forthcoming UK election.
11477- Because worries about a "widening Atlantic" gap have existed since the early 1970s, it is tempting to proceed as if transatlantic relations will remain on roughly the same wavelength as before.
11478- But to prevent North Korea from realizing a fait accompli in its pursuit of nuclear weapons, China must do more than mediate between North Korea and the US, the role it has so far played.
11479- Physicians are not required to be present at the suicide, and they are not allowed to administer the lethal drug.
11480- • Economic reforms may entail pain, but the pain the poor must bear should not be minimized.
11481- Yet, time and again, the UN has shown itself to be incompetent in this role.
11482- Yet the audience might be comprised of individuals unknown to one another, without mutual concern, brought together only by the lecture.
11483- Fewer debates over economics would be needed if the world spent more time examining what actually works and what does not.
11484- Argentina's wealth is now vacationing in Miami, perhaps for good.
11485- Others did, too.
11486- In the nineteenth century, millions of Europeans sought liberty and prosperity in the Americas, notably in the United States.
11487- Thus, while liberalization of Japan's capital market in the early 1980s tied Japanese and US interest-rate movements, Japanese interest rates were discounted by the expected rate of currency appreciation.
11488- The response to the recent tsunami disaster in Asia is a case in point.
11489- This was unpleasant, but tolerable.
11490- The limits on redistribution through the market are much tighter: trying to appropriate the rents may lead firms to move to emerging countries, or else to go bankrupt.
11491- Is the cause a short-run disagreement about a specific issue, the war in Iraq?
11492- The continuing misguided interventions in the Middle East by the United States and the United Kingdom have their roots deep in the Arabian sand.
11493- The Devaluation Delusion Revisited
11494- In these epochal battles, women's fiercest enemy has been tradition, and its staunch ally: religion.
11495- Niger's food emergency has reached the world's headlines, but the crisis there is only one part of a much larger disaster.
11496- Ukraine and Belarus have skilled work forces and wages that are less than a quarter of those in neighboring Poland and Hungary.
11497- During the late 1990's, the US had an amazingly long run of economic good luck, assisted by some very good institutions and some quite good economic policies.
11498- As support for President George W. Bush in the United States has crumbled over the past year, perhaps the most surprising element is the revolt of economists and observers of economic policy.
11499- ·        territorial capacity, specifically coastline
11500- We should not lose heart, but we do need to be politically active and united.
11501- This all happened when the Iron Curtain divided Europe -- and the world -- into opposing camps.
11502- All attempts by the communist regime to sever the links between the Catholic Church and the Polish nation failed.
11503- This is a nightmare that both European and mainstream Romanian politicians want to avoid.
11504- In contrast, the social sciences adhere to the maxim that the best way to study humans is to interact with them, typically by getting them to do and say things that they might otherwise not.
11505- So is this the time to end the arms ban imposed by both Europe and America after the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989?
11506- Moreover, like China, Japan was a society steeped in Confucian culture, which many Chinese reformers in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries blamed as a critical impediment to their own country's development and modernization.
11507- But while free elections are a necessary condition of legitimacy, they are far from being sufficient to assure it.
11508- Years later when a market economy and political democracy were established, Germany did turn toward "coping with the past", and did so very effectively.
11509- So complicated do many issues seem that some newspapers and broadcasters have abandoned reporting about the Convention.
11510- As Britain itself has pointed out, developing countries need more assistance and a fairer international trade regime.
11511- July set new records in England and the Netherlands, where weather data go back more than 300 years.
11512- The rapid increase of foam plastic production in export processing zones is thought to be based on their purchase of CFC-dependent production units from OECD countries.
11513- The damage to Russia's economic growth prospects from the Yukos affair may yet prove temporary, barring a repeat performance with other companies.
11514- Had the Iraq venture been more successful, these worries would have been justified.
11515- This was not true of other countries.
11516- José Casanova explains why Poland publicly took the lead.
11517- At some level, of course, he is right.
11518- As for the EU, the candidacies of Romania and Bulgaria need to be concluded successfully, together with the issue of Turkey's membership aspirations.
11519- Soaring energy prices, for example, have become a leading inflation risk.
11520- Regarding preventive use of force, traditional interpretations of Article 51 of the UN Charter (which provides a right of self-defense) allow a threatened state to take pre-emptive action in the face of imminent attack, but not to use force preventively against longer term threats.
11521- In exchange, they are given access to nuclear technologies.
11522- Today, 800 electors handpicked by the mainland Chinese government -- who mostly represent big business -- choose Hong Kong's Chief Executive.
11523- Failing to persuade him, they decamped to mainland China.
11524- Individual memory, beliefs, cultural background, and personal meaning all shape pain, so that an injury that is horrible to one person can be a minor discomfort to another.
11525- The first principle is reciprocity, which implies that if Israel had the right to attack the Osirak reactor, then Iraq had the right to bomb the Israeli nuclear facility at Dimona.
11526- Hunger drove the armies to take hostages for ransom.
11527- Why is it so difficult to implement the deregulation needed to make an economy more competitive?
11528- Fascism's demise was followed by the more gradual disintegration of communism after Stalin's death and Khrushchev's revelations of Stalin's crimes.
11529- As a result, its exports contain an ever-increasing share of imported goods and services and the share of domestic value-added in its exports per unit of output is rapidly declining.
11530- Other developing countries were told that their trade barriers, their love of inflationary finance, their failure to curb tax evasion, and their lack of governments strong enough to enforce property and contract rights against local notables, organized bandits, and - most important - their own functionaries were keeping them from participating in the new globalized economic cornucopia.
11531- Some popular music lyrics can have political effects.
11532- Indeed, these constraints have proven to be utterly useless after a country's EU entry, and it will be hard to impose them as an admission criterion for other potential entrants.
11533- Even before the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington, America's image as a rights proponent had been tarnished, particularly in Europe, by its continued practice of capital punishment and, to a lesser degree, by its high incarceration rate--approximately seven times the average in the European Union's fifteen member countries.
11534- But none of these debates directly challenged the role of science in society or posed, as Cardinal Schönborn did, the idea that religion and science are potentially incompatible.
11535- Building on this momentum, the campaigns for debt relief, trade reform, and increasing aid to poor countries have gained traction.
11536- After all, an interrogator's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of his omnipotence.
11537- But flattening is reversible. It has happened before.
11538- · OECD countries should honor the target of allocating the equivalent of 0.7% of GDP annually to foreign aid;
11539- We can build a safer future, but only if we are prepared to use our scientific knowledge and expertise for the common good.
11540- The Vienna meeting offers a rare opportunity to change course.
11541- What is historically new--emerging just in the last few hundred years--is the possibility of being all of these things at once.
11542- As his policy interests grew, Rudi's fame spread.
11543- Most importantly, if resentment by the locals emerges, what political consequences will result?
11544- Secretary-General Annan has proven once again (as though we needed further evidence) that talk is cheap.
11545- For a warlord in American pay, victory might look like secure control of heroin production, together with death to his warlord rivals.
11546- But whatever measures of "political" qualities and ownership separation we use, the index of employment protection appears to be the best predictor of ownership separation in the wealthy West.
11547- Indeed, his broadside may effectively kill some of the reforms, currently being discussed at the EU Convention, which aim to streamline decision-making within the EU by creating institutions that would, in effect, give more power to countries with bigger populations.
11548- Indeed, international measures of graft show that the authorities may be reaching a stalemate or even retreating in the fight.
11549- But for millions of Central and East Europeans, liberation was followed by Stalin's oppressive regime.
11550- Spies are interested in prurient behavior everywhere.
11551- Over this period, the number of Iraqis who said that it was "very important" for Iraq to have a democracy increased from 59% to 65%.
11552- In the long run, as labor shortages become acute, China will need to relinquish some low-end, labor-intensive manufacturing activities, which will translate into decelerating export performance and lower economic growth.
11553- The forms of religiosity in Islam today are more or less the same as those found in Catholicism, Protestantism, and even Judaism.
11554- The preoccupation of the UN founders was with state security.
11555- This was important because about half of the trials had not been published in peer-reviewed journals.
11556- A difference of opinion that rested on different judgments about how the world works, which could (and ultimately was) resolved by empirical research, you might say.
11557- The persistent fragmentation of privately owned European exchanges is not due primarily to regulatory obstacles.
11558- Deflecting mounting criticism, Bush rejects appeals to boycott the summit.
11559- Unlocking this secret may help doctors prevent, treat, or eliminate some chronic pain disorders.
11560- But the deeper truth is that Darfur is unstable because it is home to an impoverished and fast-growing population without adequate supplies of water, food, health clinics, schools, and other basic services.
11561- Much international attention has focused on the USA Patriot Act's sanctioning of grave violations of civil liberties, and on the subsequent treatment of thousands of immigrants--particularly south Asian Muslims--who have faced secret detention and deportation.
11562- Trichet Takes Control At The ECB
11563- But in this year's US presidential election campaign, China bashing has been virtually non-existent.
11564- How should we interpret this "Yes" vote by the Chechen population?
11565- Determine whether, overall, you would rather have in the medium term a federal government that spends, say, 16%, 20%, or 24% of GDP -- and on what.
11566- It turned out that there was enormous excess capacity, and import substitution soon began, even in the midst of financial turmoil.
11567- So it mobilized small-scale farmers, artisans, and small producers who shared the landed elite's belief that unfettered competition was harmful.
11568- Nkhoma wants this dream of global technocrats to become a reality for her fellow Malawians.
11569- Indeed, "Bollywood" produces more movies every year than Hollywood.
11570- The residual proportional component of the electoral system has kept many political parties alive.
11571- Aymara and Quechua, their languages, were not even recognized for conducting public business.
11572- Today it afflicts an estimated 50-100 million people in the tropics and subtropics.
11573- China's new leadership often evinces a new judiciousness and moderation in its diplomacy.
11574- Implementing liquidity provision policies like those advocated by Bagehot would prevent bank panics without the incentive for undue risk-taking associated with deposit insurance.
11575- The frequency of hurricanes has not changed much, if at all.
11576- Of course, Europe has also moved away from France through successive enlargements, but the main roots of the estrangement lie in France itself.
11577- His constraints were overwhelming: antiquated technology, deteriorating or non-existent physical infrastructure, and an anachronistic health bureaucracy.
11578- Iraq is another matter.
11579- The evils most deeply resented -- in all societies -- are injustice, despotism, corruption, and poverty.
11580- They were succeeded by leaders such as Bill Clinton, Gerhard Schroeder, and Tony Blair. Suddenly "weak" government became fashionable -- up to a point.
11581- They tremble at the fact that Marshall Fahim's army, the country's largest, sits in garrisons ringing Kabul.
11582- Agriculture ministers by themselves will not be able to cope with water shortages that farmers will face.
11583- UN leadership will be instrumental to proposing and forging solutions to such daunting long-term global challenges.
11584- But it takes a huge leap of faith to conclude from this that one can't go wrong by deregulating, privatizing, and opening domestic markets as much as possible.
11585- Ukraine is undergoing a true liberal revolution, akin to the great European liberal revolutions of 1848, and reminiscent of Prague's Velvet revolution of 1989.
11586- Much of the world looks at the US and other rich countries with resentment, feeling that they don't keep their commitments to help less fortunate countries.
11587- More confident politics and less reliance on Hamilton's third power would add to the flexibility of a society.
11588- Given the Middle East's deep malaise, today's Arab status quo cannot long endure.
11589- Try to imagine what will happen: at each European embassy, someone will be appointed to screen the list, name by name, and assess whether and to what extent the persons in question behave freely or speak out freely in public, to what extent they criticize the regime, or even whether they are former political prisoners.
11590- Sanctions offer another approach.
11591- But to achieve this, the countries and the international community need to act.
11592- But democracy cannot be delivered to Iraq by an outside power.
11593- In terms of its historical heritage, economic interest, and ethnic composition, Ukraine belongs to both Central and Eastern Europe.
11594- The term "bank" is a misnomer in a second sense: while the World Bank refers to its members as "shareholders," it is hardly a private bank.
11595- Electorally competitive countries are not necessarily democratic: some do not fully control the state's territory; others violate both their constitutions and human rights.
11596- While some still believe that the taxpaying public might be persuaded to spend an additional "penny in the pound" (i.e., 1% of tax) of income tax to keep higher education going, most know that this path can be ruled out for general economic as well as political reasons.
11597- Their problems are more basic: not dying from easily preventable diseases; not being malnourished from lack of simple micronutrients; not being prevented from exploiting opportunities in the global economy by lack of free trade.
11598- Almost certainly not.
11599- If Abe is to create the "beautiful country" that he promised in his policy speech, he must not lose momentum in exercising strong leadership.
11600- This statement by the late Nobel laureate Milton Friedman has never lost its validity.
11601- Indeed, at no time since independence has there been such a proliferation of democracy in Latin America.
11602- This crisis is not a natural disaster but one engineered by the choice of a false doctrine of reform, one that is leading the country to degradation.
11603- The impact of this user intelligence has been profound: in 2003, one pharmaceutical company revised its 2002 estimate of the incidence of withdrawal reactions from 0.2% to 25% (even as the manufacturer of a similar drug continues to claim that it is "not habit forming" at all).
11604- · Recently, a coalition of prominent environmental and development organizations claimed that malaria would increase in a warmer world.
11605- Thank God -- and thanks to all those brave Allied soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the sake of Europe's liberty.
11606- But no significant improvement on these fronts can occur without thoroughly refashioning the country's decision-making process.
11607- -0.5
11608- Its leader, Osama bin Laden, was safe and sheltered in Afghanistan.
11609- With post-invasion inspectors concluding that no WMD stockpiles existed, and intelligence agencies now convinced that the Iraq war's net effect has been to boost al‑Qaeda recruitment throughout the Islamic world, the Bush administration is understandably emphasizing the claim about democratization.
11610- The tone at the beginning of the second Bush administration is different.
11611- Sadly, the French ambassador to the Court of St. James has many allies among Europe's elites.
11612- And the only way for the trade deficit to shrink substantially is for net imports to fall, which requires either a relatively sharp decline in the value of the dollar, thereby raising import prices, or a depression in the US.
11613- Violence in Thailand's predominantly Muslim south seemed to dent his ambitions last year, but his Thai Rak Thai (TRT) party's landslide victory last February gave his bid for regional leadership a new lease on life.
11614- If one looks at foreign direct investment, it is clear that the two sides of the Atlantic are closely integrated.
11615- As long as Asia holds its foreign reserves in dollars  China's desire to maintain a stable value for the reminbi will continue to offer tremendous advantages for trade and economic development.
11616- None of the problems, however, should be seen as an unyielding obstacle to Turkish membership.
11617- "Bolivia is rich," a Tacana Indian woman told me last week inside Madidi National Park.
11618- Regrettably, in spite of its name, the Development Round has offered far less to developing countries than one would have hoped.
11619- Breaking the cycle of poverty by addressing the most pressing issues of disease, hunger, and polluted water will not only do obvious good, but also make people less vulnerable.
11620- John Locke's ``Second Discourse on Government'' begins with a long polemic against Robert Filmer's argument for the divine right of kings.
11621- This independence was at the core of Hegel's insistence that supporting oneself by earning a living is one of the key ways that we gain a sense of ourselves as individuals.
11622- Yet pressure to democratize is mounting, in part due to the smaller Gulf States, which compete with each other in democratic reforms.
11623- The personal conflict between Mahathir and Anwar thus led to an apparent rupture between Malaysia's Islamist political forces and the modernizers of UMNO.
11624- This is the board where Europe acts as a union, and other countries like Japan and China play significant roles.
11625- Circumstances had changed and the people with them.
11626- Moreover, Lionel Jospin's elimination from the presidential election in 2002 by the far-right Jean-Marie Le Pen is widely interpreted -- wrongly in my opinion -- as the result of the Socialists' pro-European position.
11627- A wide socioeconomic disparity exists between Europe's majority population and Roma, or "Gypsies", many of whom live in extreme poverty.
11628- Now, however, the miseries of expanding the number of university students without adequate public finance have invaded Britain as well.
11629- Somewhere out there, gunning for Musharraf, are Islamic militants furious at being dumped after they fought his covert wars in Afghanistan and Kashmir.
11630- China's gradual, experimental steps towards liberalization in the late 1970's were similar to South Korea's experience in the early 1960's.
11631- In short, we do not usually identify policy decisions as the causes of individual deaths.
11632- But they still look better than the odds attached to any alternative political-economic strategy--and certainly than anything being offered by khaki-clad would-be commandantés.
11633- Anna Alchuk, an artist who participated in the exhibition in the Sakaharov Center and was later charged, said she had read all 14 volumes of evidence collected by the prosecutor, and that 11 volumes consisted entirely of letters from "working people" expressing outrage at the show and demanding that the artists be punished.
11634- That July, terrorists in Bosnia assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand of the Habsburg Empire.
11635- But one feature above all others captures the underlying problem: the yawning gap between the words of patients who speak their minds and the terminology of producers, experts, and authorities who mince words.
11636- We can do this without blasphemy, because it is our own nature, not God, that is the source of our morality.
11637- 1.0
11638- Moreover, it continues to build its " string of pearls" of military bases at every key point on maritime transportation routes along the "arc of instability" from the Middle East to China's coast.
11639- Dictating Limits to Dictators
11640- Optimists are proclaiming that variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD), the human form -- always fatal -- of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or "Mad Cow Disease," is on the wane.
11641- "Inflation targeting" also means the central bank follows certain specified rules.
11642- As the crisis over Mexico's disputed presidential election continues, questions are being raised not only about the conduct of the seemingly defeated candidate, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, but also about Mexico's presidential system.
11643- Try to imagine Putin as Russia's leader in 1920, when Poland gained its independence from Russia, or in 1991, when Georgia did. Would he ever have engaged in peace talks?
11644- The mere thought of such examples leads to the clear conclusion that democracy is not just about elections.
11645- While the long-run record of this theory is irrefutable, China's authoritarian ruling elite is not only determined to hold on to power, but it also has been smart enough to take adaptive measures aimed at countering the liberalizing effects of economic development.
11646- After all, during his first nine months in office, Bush declared that he would devote tremendous attention to the hemisphere, and his actions seemed to back up his rhetoric.
11647- As is well known, this will happen in close cooperation with Greece.
11648- Peace will require substantial commitment by the principal agents involved: peacekeeping troops, humanitarian assistance, re-building of infrastructure.
11649- But local tastes nonetheless vary widely.
11650- When we move our arm, there are changes in kinesthetic and tactile sensations.
11651- In one sense, Iraq's weapons of mass destruction were also weapons of mass distraction.
11652- He has removed generals John Abizaid and George Casey, who were skeptical of a troop "surge," and moved Ambassador Zalmay Khalizad, who was supposed to negotiate a political agreement in Iraq.
11653- We have seen the ferocity of ideologically intoxicated PLA soldiers during the Korean War, and even at Tiananmen Square in 1989.
11654- Our first challenge is to recognize that electoral government has failed to lead to a true democracy of the people.
11655- But if the geopolitical context is clear, the intellectual and political framework -- the successor to containment -- is not.
11656- Perhaps King Gyanendra does have something up his sleeves.
11657- Details will change by 2008, but not trends, and Rogozin has mastered these trends better than anyone else.
11658- He pointed out a crucial difference between the conceptions of mutual social ties in the Hindu and European systems.
11659- The war in Lebanon, so frustrating for Israel, accelerated that subtle change.
11660- That same month, a lottery scandal threw the BMW brand into the limelight once again. Lottery officials in Shaanxi province rejected a winning ticket, calling it a fake and denying its bearer, a 17-year-old security guard named Liu Liang, the grand prize of a $58,000 BMW and 120,000 yuan ($14,510) in cash.
11661- In pursuing these goals, Russia must remember that imperialism is expensive and will incite confrontation with the West.
11662- He challenged his colleagues to develop the capability to manipulate and control things on that scale.
11663- Since the 1990's, many of the world's armed conflicts have taken place in SSA countries.
11664- By 2000, European senior bureaucrats began to dread the approach of each international meeting as the likely occasion for yet another lecture by the Americans on how Europe needed to become much more like America right now.
11665- Thus, the Scandinavian way is more than a mere accounting trick, but it is also less than a truly recommendable strategy for coping with the challenges of globalization.
11666- After Leo XIII stated for the first time -- in the famous encyclical Rerum Novarum in 1891 -- that there are such people as workers and that there are serious social problems, Pius XI, in another encyclical in 1931, Quadrogesimo Anno , tried to show which economic approach is in keeping with the faith.
11667- Hong Kong's people may well conclude that they have no alternative but to use every occasion to protest chief executive Tung Chee-hwa's unpopular government, making it even harder for him to govern.
11668- She had attacked her predecessor during the election campaign for being fork-tongued about Iraq, saying one thing to US President George W. Bush and another to the Finnish people.
11669- While European police forces place prevention at the top of their agendas, France has chosen to treat it as a marginal goal.
11670- While the World Bank points to the rise in prices as evidence of the gains that accrued to farmers, its opponents point to the processing plants in urban areas which have been shutdown and the thousands of workers who remain unemployed.
11671- It should, however, be allowed, while at the same time common spaces should be both available and safe for all.
11672- The popularity of Lula Ignacia da Silva and his team, who lead opinion polls in the run-up to Brazil's presidential election, serves as a warning that much of the Latin American public is prepared to reject traditional governments.
11673- And there are territorial disputes about small islands and potential gas reserves near the China-Japan maritime boundary.
11674- It is to be hoped that Taylor's departure heralds the beginning of a new African era, in which Africa's rulers stop protecting the continent's dictators because they would rather incur the wrath of faceless citizens than expel a dictator from among their ranks.
11675- But this thinking is based on a fallacy.
11676- But with what?
11677- That way, people who fill out tax forms would have to learn the units of account.
11678- There is no other way.
11679- How fast is the US economy now growing?
11680- Over 10 million Afghans, 41% of them women, were registered to vote in the country's first national election.
11681- A simple flat-rate income tax would also boost revenues, as it has in Russia.
11682- Understanding the system that produces these weapons, and finding the means to disable this system, has not been on their agenda.
11683- Even faster growth will take place in the coming decades.
11684- Second, major US investors, such as pension fund managers, are realizing that US companies that fail to control their emissions may be vulnerable to financial losses in the future.
11685- Evita and Ché were serious people throughout their public careers.
11686- Among Shi'ites, however, 87% saw a better Iraq without Saddam.
11687- The second point of convergence between Indian and Western interests is one that will probably get no public mention during Chirac's visit: India can perhaps serve as a counterweight to China.
11688- A number of factors enabled Iraq to increase its output.
11689- The "strategic partnership" that both America and the European Union have at times sought with China looks both more plausible and more desirable with democratic India.
11690- I firmly believe that the new members of the EU will not forget their experience of totalitarianism and non-violent opposition to evil, and that that experience will be reflected in how they behave in EU bodies.
11691- But it was only around 1990 that most emerging markets threw caution to the wind and removed controls on private portfolio and bank flows.
11692- The era of Israeli pragmatism that he opened will not end with his departure.
11693- 
11694- But it's much cheaper, although forbidden, to use the old equipment and refill them with CFC's when needed than to buy new machines and use the more environmentally benign but more costly alternatives.
11695- That attitude cannot be reconciled with an open society, a concept based on the recognition that nobody possesses ultimate truth.
11696- The world's answer should be an unequivocal "No!"
11697- A recent UN report warned that we have already entered the danger zone.
11698- Many countries under sanction, such as Myanmar, become sources of global illegal trafficking in drugs, arms, money laundering, and forced labor.
11699- Russians, by contrast, seem to be animated by a dark form of narcissism.
11700- Fiscal policy is, of course, only the tip of the iceberg.
11701- For historical reasons, Europe benefits from a political maturity that has allowed it to avoid Bush's Manichean worldview, which has merely reinforced, rather than undermined, the enemy's fanaticism.
11702- The timing of the 2001 rate decrease stunned the market.
11703- The demands were never about normal cultural autonomy as a means of continued identity and supposed self-protection.
11704- This approach is not in America's national interest, nor is it consistent with American traditions and values.
11705- To understand why, consider that their proposal for a permanent Council President was paired with a proposal that the Commission President--currently nominated by the Council of Ministers--should in future be elected by the European Parliament, and subsequently be endorsed by a majority vote of the Council of Ministers.
11706- Based on his previous experience as cabinet secretary, Abe wants to create and operate a Japanese version of America's National Security Council.
11707- This will end Europe's Cold War division for good and foreclose any return to the darker chapters of the continent's past.
11708- In the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland, the task of completing such difficult reforms just before crossing the "finish line" fell to socialist parties, forcing them to betray their socialist identity in the eyes of leftist voters.
11709- After the war in Iraq ended, I spoke about soft power (a concept I developed) to a conference co-sponsored by the US Army in Washington.
11710- But, as worrying as this might appear, this actually represents a considerable demographic slowdown: India's population more than tripled during the past sixty years.
11711- A mother of four children who proclaims to believe in traditional family values, she is attractive to right-wing voters, while her non-matrimonial relationship with Hollande makes her seem a quintessentially modern woman.
11712- These resources feed armed insurgents, criminal bands and, increasingly, provide the lifeblood for many small peasants, who cultivate some 130 thousand hectares of coca plants.
11713- Religious groups responded to this opportunity, emerging first as social welfare agencies, and then becoming the equivalent of local politicians.
11714- The lesson is that Commissioners should focus on their specific tasks, bearing in mind the interests of the EU rather than those of their country of origin.
11715- In a time of political and economic transition--for example, the shift from authoritarianism to democracy and from a centrally planned to a free market economy--many jobs are on the line.
11716- Another type is the well-meaning dilettante.
11717- By securing our democracy, we help secure Russia's own.
11718- Venezuela now pines for the fat OPEC years of the 1970s--which it missed, because it neglected to develop its oil industry.
11719- Global economic policy-making remains very much a Western game.
11720- Since the English Premier League was started in 1992, only one championship was not won by Manchester United, Arsenal, or Chelsea.
11721- A different and healthy conservative response is possible if the tattered remnants of old threads, torn apart in the course of postcommunist modernization, can reconnect and grow together in a new way.
11722- This common understanding will be the pivotal challenge for the future of the transatlantic relationship.
11723- Finally, a military attack on Iran would also mark the beginning of a regional, and possibly global, military and terrorist escalation -- a nightmare for all concerned.
11724- With increased help to African farmers to grow more food (as opposed to shipping food aid from the US), it would be possible to double or even triple crop yields.
11725- EU "Foreign Minister" Javier Solana has already been there, and returned bullish on future transatlantic cooperation.
11726- "Higher oil prices are here to stay," says the American economic forecaster Allen Sinai. "[T]hat has to subtract growth and could cause core inflation to pick up."
11727- McDonald's, unlike a university, is much more than the sum of its parts.
11728- Chinese bloggers are no different.
11729- But the dollar is not the only issue atop currency market debates.
11730- The notion of "sustainability" comes from environmentalism, which seeks to protect the earth and its atmosphere in order to sustain indefinitely human life of a good quality.
11731- Election results around the Middle East mark a new trend: Islamist political parties -- those that base their platforms on Islamic law -- are highly popular.
11732- Only then will the smaller members feel adequately respected.
11733- Again, there is an anti-international right that has come to play some role in all the major industrial countries, and that tries to defend existing prosperity and property rights from the vagaries of international markets.
11734- Now some American neo-conservatives argue that the US should drop its longstanding support for European integration.
11735- Applying pressure won't be easy.
11736- Such a resolution would also include a carrot by guaranteeing Iran access to the non-dangerous parts of the nuclear energy fuel cycle.
11737- The best solution is to make Western labor markets flexible by opening the system of collective wage bargaining, dismantling labor market regulation, and reforming the welfare state.
11738- Governments without opposition pose a threat to democracy itself.
11739- If Europe wants to work less, it must be extraordinarily productive when it does work if it is to keep up with the hard-working Americans.
11740- They display a sense of justice, resenting others who do not reciprocate a favor.
11741- Even better, this optimism may have some basis in reality.
11742- One vehicle for promoting such an approach is the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
11743- Bush is similarly mistaken.
11744- The answer is that blaming the Euro is an easy way to deflect attention from the true cause of Europe's economic malaise: a surprisingly low level of productivity per capita.
11745- There was also skepticism among developing countries about whether a stronger UN commitment to human rights was what Annan claimed it to be or, instead, merely a moral flag of convenience -- or worse, a legal warrant for Western military intervention.
11746- Europe deserves it.
11747- In the same way, human beings are on the brink of being able to manage the planet, and the decisions we make will determine what the future of the planet will be.
11748- Yes.
11749- This was not always and everywhere the case -- certainly not in Latin America.
11750- This is highly inefficient, because while it is individually rational for depositors to want their money immediately, the bank might have been able to service all of them had they been collectively patient.
11751- Problems still remain, because there are counter-examples for each of these six dimensions.
11752- After all, it is the Democrats who have traditionally taken America to war.
11753- Interestingly, however, Hamas's election platform combined different approaches to the issue of a Palestinian state.
11754- A consortium of international oil companies built the Baku-Supsa pipeline to export Azeri oil to the West through the Black Sea.
11755- Chen's popularity among his party followers, whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism, changed him from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a man who regards power and its prerogatives as being his by right.
11756- For a certain period in the process of recovery, it is simply necessary for people to keep their nerve.
11757- In August, Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary, Yasuo Fukuda, attended ceremonies in Beijing marking the 25th anniversary of the China-Japan Friendship Treaty.
11758- The more tightly bound to the democratic world a country like Romania is, the less likely it is to experience dramatic social or political unrest or to eviscerate its democratic system.
11759- 
11760- Although all the Baltic States are now integrated into the international community, our security still raises concern.
11761- Inflation in the euro-zone economy hovers around 2%--more or less in line with the definition of price stability favored by the ECB.
11762- In Italy, the Netherlands, Austria, and Denmark, the government is either a coalition or a minority government propped up by the pivotal support of populist right-wing parties.
11763- In the US, the National Flood Insurance Program of 1968 made it mandatory for those financing construction or improvement of structures within Special Flood Hazard Areas to buy flood insurance.
11764- America's leverage consists in the rest of the world's massive financial stake in the fate of the dollar.
11765- This does not mean that we should ignore climate change.
11766- Because the period of rapid IT spending in Europe coincided with a cyclical downturn in the world economy, it may still be too early to see its benefits.
11767- And all of these things seem to contradict our belief in the Koran.
11768- However, these clinical trauma theorists do not argue that "repressed" or "dissociated" memories of horrific events are either inert or benign.
11769- We always experience pain as a distressing thing happening in some part of the body, in some particular circumstance, and usually it has a particular meaning.
11770- At least until now.
11771- Top scientists, sheltered by anonymity, can usually spot originality and can judge which scientific ideas have real value.
11772- Of course, religious fundamentalists of whatever stripe often emphasize similar codes, norms, and values.
11773- But if left to Israelis and Palestinians alone, the goal of Palestinian independence within the 1967 borders of Palestine will most likely remain out of reach.
11774- Endorsing the claim to arbitrary power is the cardinal heresy of those who say we should certify property stolen from the state as rightfully owned.
11775- But since 1998, there has been a procedure within the Treaties - called enhanced co‑operation - that could allow some members to go ahead with further integration in a specific area without involving every other member.
11776- The Lessons of the World Cup
11777- Moreover, communal violence has combined with deep-seated local resentment against western oil companies to render the oil-rich delta a battlefront.
11778- Most thinkers back then accepted the Arab estimates that the universe was two hundred million miles across, which is enough room to swing quite a few cats--or Oxford atheists!
11779- The question is whether Japan's Self-Defense Forces work alongside America and the world in defense of world peace now, or eventually do so alone in defense of Japan.
11780- Last week, I went to a zoning meeting in the town where I live.
11781- Any head of government who stays in power for more than two decades would automatically lose international recognition.
11782- The fact is that citizens in every EU member country are increasingly aware that national policies are determined by decision making at the European level, over which they have little influence.
11783- Perhaps not surprisingly, the IMF has tried to pour cold water on international enthusiasm for its generosity.
11784- 1.
11785- Recently, Saddam moved the "non-special" Republican Guard into Baghdad.
11786- As Germany struggles to restore economic growth this constitutionally mandated debility is increasingly obvious.
11787- One can understand that enlightened believers in Islam (of whom there are many) find it upsetting that the world in which they want to live is in fact frail and vulnerable.
11788- The Kyoto Protocol has generated new markets for trading carbon emissions, such as the European Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS).
11789- We know that Burma's political destiny is inextricably linked to that of our own countries.
11790- Fortunately, at least half the voters in the region appreciate these improvements; otherwise, the situation would be far worse.
11791- Accordingly, they sought out those who were under-represented in the Assembly, but whose sense of participation in and ownership of the process was essential, not merely to the constitutional exercise, but to binding the nation's wounds.
11792- There is some truth in both explanations of Eastern Europe's backsliding.
11793- The United States faces risks as well.
11794- This summer, the Bush administration offered Iran direct talks.
11795- Looking further out, US fiscal policy's long-run problems will become increasingly visible and urgent: there is not even a hint of a plan for reconciling the long-term costs of the social insurance state with American taxpayers' limited patience with high taxes.
11796- They impose burdens on politically sensitive groups.
11797- A significant change in Europe's economic fortunes cannot be expected unless deep structural changes are introduced.
11798- Such a tax is the most flexible and market-friendly approach, and would have the least impact on economic growth.
11799- But with every passing year, "balancing up"--rapid growth in the rest of the world boosting demand for US exports--has become less and less likely.
11800- If European nation-states are reconciled with each other, they are not yet fully reconciled with themselves, with their dark or grey spots, and in particular their treatment of minorities.
11801- China is not yet a nation of shareholders - another reason why Mr. Shang need not worry too much about pursuing unpopular policies. #6.
11802- For their part, Fatah officials seem unwilling to join a Hamas-led government.
11803- Card-carrying neo-liberals like me, who pushed for opening capital flows wide in the early 1990's, had a particular vision in mind. But the future that we hoped for did not come to pass.
11804- The emergence of a deep-rooted and popular anti-Japanese enmity in China does not bode well.
11805- The result is red tape all over and a huge drag on productivity.
11806- Because share prices, therefore, cannot possibly affect the macro-economy, Mr. Shang should be able to improve the quality of regulation without worrying about the effect on growth. #2.
11807- Yet covert support from Israel, America, and the Saudis for Abbas and Siniora does little to help them in their domestic battles.
11808- But, while such bonds have succeeded in raising savings rates in the countries that have created them, they have not had advocates in the United States.
11809- Lebanon's Moment of Decision
11810- The moderates are understandably wary.
11811- Traditional center-right parties have been pro-Europe.
11812- The images coming to us from next door are horrifying, and Jordanians have taken to the street in protest.
11813- A self-confident community will usually do just that.
11814- Part of the problem is that most leading French politicians are tiresomely familiar and uninspiring.
11815- At a single stroke, Buffett has given purpose to his life.
11816- Over the decades, the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline.
11817- A December 2004 summit, to take place under a Dutch chairmanship, is to see the EU review Turkey's progress and decide, provided the criteria are met, on whether to start negotiations "without delay."
11818- And only three trials—all conducted in Europe—used sham acupuncture as a control, whereas no acupuncture trials controlled with placebos or sham acupuncture have been reported in China, owing to high cultural barriers.
11819- Finally, I was able to hear my own voice in my own book, which also had, as it happened, a green cover.
11820- By 1980, the country had 14 processing factories.
11821- In short, most investors--while not always the most rational species--do know a good thing when they see it.
11822- If donor countries provide adequate financial and technical resources, and recipient governments offer the necessary financial and political commitment, a generation of Folas will be found to carry the fight forward.
11823- But the question everywhere in Latin America is whether it would not be a better idea to implement former -- and perhaps future -- Costa Rican President Oscar Arias's idea of Latin American disarmament, to turn "spending on swords" into investments in ploughshares.
11824- Turkey is already formidably divided, so look for a strong man to ride in, probably on a tank.
11825- Rescuing Georgia
11826- Liberalizing India's economy in 1991 improved India's image in the US as it strengthened India's economy at home.
11827- After prolonged reflection on medical reports regarding Pinochet's health, Judge Juan Guzmán found him mentally fit to stand trial on nine counts of kidnapping and one count of homicide.
11828- That is hardly surprising.
11829- In the mid-20th century, Fascists were the evildoers.
11830- The UN's reputation suffered in the US because it did not support the Bush administration on the war -- and in the 19 other countries because it was unable to prevent the war.
11831- What it means is that Russia is back on its historical path of development, back at the point where things started to go wrong.
11832- This was true of Friedrich von Hayek's "Road to Serfdom" and Karl Popper's "Open Society and Its Enemies," both published at the end of WWII.
11833- Not one but many societies are vulnerable.
11834- Top-level thinking about the risks that Syria runs were recently made clear in an interview that President Assad gave to a Lebanese newspaper.
11835- But in both the US and Europe, the system has serious shortcomings and gaps.
11836- But this does not outweigh the risk of underperforming, which is why the best policy is to look for the best candidate.
11837- Smaller member states, notably Finland and Ireland (as well as Spain) and the two non-euro area countries Denmark and Sweden, have stuck to the principle of fiscal balance or small -- though diminishing -- surpluses.
11838- But genuinely beneficial agricultural reform would need to go further than merely transforming export subsidies into other types of subsidies, because many supposedly non-distorting subsidies lead to more output, which hurts producers in developing countries by lowering prices.
11839- All for the good.
11840- The second issue concerns the unbalanced intellectual property provisions (TRIPs) of the Uruguay Round of trade talks, dictated by America's pharmaceutical and entertainment industries.
11841- Some of the world's top economists -- including four Nobel laureates -- answered this question at the Copenhagen Consensus in 2004, listing all major policies for improving the world according to priority.
11842- Central Asia's Other Turkmenbashis
11843- · The international community must make a much more serious commitment to renewable energy, efficiency, and other environmentally friendly energy sources.
11844- The program was controversial at first: many viewed it as immoral, because of its connection with gambling.
11845- Obasanjo's latest move, his proposed "National Political Reform Conference" in March, is an attempt to steal the opposition's thunder.
11846- Many people who could not afford a car in 2000 now have one, and people who could afford only one car in 2000 now have two.
11847- The problem, though, is that some people have even become addicted; they now aim at living on welfare benefits alone.
11848- Trust is a vital commodity for all politicians. Once lost, it is difficult to regain.
11849- Over the years, I've come to recognize something that is as disturbing as it is undeniable: as a group, male basic scientists sail through the committee effortlessly.
11850- They reject the principle that there is a law which is superior to presidents, magnates, majorities, or mobs.
11851- Its gas blackmail of Ukraine frightened the entire Continent, and its new Baltic pipeline to Germany has provoked howls of outrage from Poland and the Baltic states, which are angry at losing the economic and political dividends a land route gives them.
11852- Although Putin did have the decency to change the words, he retained the Soviet spirit - "great Russia united forever."
11853- Another question is how much of the revenues should be transferred, and how transfers can be effected in a country as large, complex, and financially backward as Nigeria.
11854- Three treaties emerged in 1992 out of the so-called Rio Conference on the Environment -- on climate change, biodiversity conservation, and desertification.
11855- Treating the transition to peace as "development as usual" has, moreover, led to new violence in East Timor, a country that the UN once trumpeted as a success story.
11856- Serbian Prime Minister (then President) Vojislav Kostunica's attempt in 2001 to set up a truth commission was doomed from the outset by allegations of bias, and was disbanded within a year.
11857- If the Marchers had doubts, they conquered them with the help of Communist propaganda.
11858- Indonesians have the tools to thwart radicals' efforts to usurp Islam.
11859- Then, in 1996, Richard Smalley of Rice University was awarded a Nobel Prize in chemistry for the discovery of fullerenes, beautiful nanometer-scale carbon structures with remarkable properties and many potential applications.
11860- To protect European corporations' profits from their Havana hotels, the Union will cease inviting open-minded people to EU embassies, and we will deduce who they are from the expression on the face of the dictator and his associates.
11861- Indeed, violence between Americans and Middle Easterners has been spilling over into Africa for decades.
11862- Implementing the scheme will not require the support of every major developed country. This is important because the US might oppose any plan that undermines demand for Treasury bills (and thus its guaranteed access to low-cost financing).
11863- By jailing them, the regime has made it clear that violence is the only avenue open to those seeking change.
11864- We were spending our summer holidays in Normandy where the liberation of Europe from Nazism had started on D-Day, 6 June 1944.
11865- Give people the incentives to plan for their future, ownership-society advocates argue, and they will.
11866- As a result, translation and interpretation increasingly proceed in two steps, from a lesser-used language to half a dozen "relay" languages, and from those into other, smaller languages.
11867- The Right Priorities for the G8
11868- This undoubtedly had a negative impact on productivity growth.
11869- Djindjic's murder shows that the situation is so dire that aid should no longer be strictly conditional on harsh reforms.
11870- By this standard, global warming doesn't come close.
11871- Indeed, although Michelle Bachelet, like Allende, is a socialist and a physician, today's Chile is not the country of 1970.
11872- Why do Afghans perceive as illegitimate a government put in place by an agreement to which all factions assented, a government that was confirmed by a duly constituted National Assembly (Loya Jirga) held under international patronage?
11873- One illustration makes the case vividly.
11874- The suspicions which surround Abdullah's peace initiative, and which dismiss it as stillborn, are founded in the belief that it was conceived to appease Saudi Arabia's American critics and to divert them from focussing on Saudi domestic tensions.
11875- Remittances normally grow more than 15% a year, and will continue to do so.
11876- Could the absence of actual spoken human conversation--a cornerstone of day-to-day human intellect and creativity--produce hallucinated conversations?
11877- By contrast, 75% of Iraq's population is composed of Shi'a Muslim Arabs, who know that they will control the new regime, and Kurds, who want local autonomy.
11878- The coming presidential election is thus a test that will answer several fundamental questions.
11879- Khrushchev's actions in sending missiles to Cuba mirrored that policy.
11880- When offering its recommendation, the Commission highlighted Turkey's progress, while indicating those areas where greater effort must be made.
11881- In my work throughout the world, as an economist and development practitioner, I find that the vast majority of individuals and political leaders of all religions, races, and creeds are ready to work together to achieve the shared goals of prosperity and wellbeing for their children.
11882- As krill tend to aggregate in concentrated swarms, they are easy to catch and have become particularly attractive to large-scale commercial interests.
11883- A democratic Ukraine, closely cooperating with Poland within the framework of the European community, will open new possibilities for developing and strengthening partnership with Russia.
11884- Should Bush, Bernanke or the new Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson cause investors to lose faith in US financial assets at some point in time, the rising euro will help shield European interest rates from the consequences.
11885- The Judeo-Christian custom of burial is rapidly being replaced - not by the ritual of an Indian pyre, but by a crematorium, i.e., the destruction of a corpse by means of high-temperature machines, a procedure from which the public is excluded.
11886- But the outcome was not a French-style administrative state.
11887- Yet the US and others are wary of being labeled appeasers.
11888- Because of the system of collegiality, the sheer number of commissioners even now strains the Commission's decisionmaking capacity.
11889- Their loans were designed to perpetuate Africa's role as a supplier of raw materials, while entangling the continent in an inextricable web of debts and dependency on the "aid industry."
11890- Left in the orphanage, there is no reason to think that David would have done better than the average Malawian.
11891- From that bright September morning onward, those events have been and will be a reference point for anyone who would use them.
11892- Young people do not become fundamentalists because their parents' culture is ignored by Western civilization.
11893- In effect, 25% of the total electorate gave him nearly two-thirds of the seats in the House of Commons.
11894- It follows China's 2001 proposal for a China-ASEAN free trade area and its active financial support for Thailand and Indonesia during the 1997-98 Asian Financial Crisis.
11895- One might suspect the influence of French political traditions which, on the right as much as on the left, always prefer purity of principle to messy compromise.
11896- Countries, particularly in Europe, that are capable of standing up to the US must oppose it here.
11897- Indeed, Turkish policymakers have, on a regular basis, brought the countries bordering Iraq together for discussions about the future of the region.
11898- Some governments are afraid to allow their citizens easy access to information.
11899- Ironically, the "inflation targeting" advocated by Greenspan's nominated successor, Ben Bernanke, lies closer to ECB monetary policy than to the discretionary activism that the Fed has practiced during Greenspan's long tenure.
11900- Northwestern Yunnan is one of the world's most biologically diverse areas, home to half of China's animal species and a quarter of its plant species.
11901- Unless the Russian state develops a viable policy, fast, all of these areas threaten to become safe havens for terrorists.
11902- Or is it?
11903- This fear extended to all political parties and all in all blocked the desire to create powerful parties.
11904- And bilateral or regional trade deals can chip away at some of the barriers in the current global system.
11905- No dollar collapse looms.
11906- When life and death issues are at stake, a leader can never let the media rush him into acting.
11907- What is not straightforward is how to address the imminent explosion of health-care costs.
11908- African teams, except when they were playing against France, were favored over those from the European Union.
11909- Indeed, Chirac's tone and tactics conform to textbook Gaullist patterns.
11910- If an upturn does not come, a downturn will!
11911- Like its neighbors, Congo and Rwanda, Burundi is a war-torn land.
11912- A French No would sit well with the Union's newer members from Eastern Europe, who know Chirac is not their friend, and who are more attracted by promises of rapid economic growth than social protection and corporate state mischief.
11913- Unfortunately, the summit also exposed the UN's weaknesses and limitations.
11914- Today, however, President Putin recognizes that economics will determine Russia's future, and so the ``power'' ministries must take a back seat to Russia's modernization and development.
11915- Beyond Iran's cities, to paraphrase Mark Twain, rumors of the death of political Islam were greatly exaggerated.
11916- It says a great deal about the gullibility of financial markets that they took this argument seriously.
11917- Old habits die hard.
11918- More importantly, continuity on the political front is likely to extend to strategy and policy.
11919- The Moon Illusion
11920- The crises in East Asia and the recent recessions in Latin America show that premature capital market liberalization can result in enormous economic volatility, increasing poverty, and destruction of the middle class.
11921- The economic analysis of Clinton's Council of Economic Advisers turned out to be right; the models of the IMF (and the Fed) were wrong.
11922- Moreover, following recent changes at the World Bank, the US is aiming to follow the classic doctor's dictum: "First, do no harm."
11923- This was no mere gesture.
11924- They have too much to catch up with, in terms of national ego and national interest, to care for others.
11925- A new institutional arrangement might entail the creation of a set of trust funds - say, for education or health, or the environment - with competition among countries for projects helping to promote these objectives.
11926- President Bush is determined to help Arabs share the benefits of economic liberty.
11927- While most of the world recognizes the problem, there are very different views on its causes and cures.
11928- Public education is in shambles and France's higher education system now faces competition from other European countries.
11929- And overall productivity growth is 3.5% per year.
11930- Not to be left out, Europeans could use the film's romantic shots of Istanbul to open up about whether Turkey will ever join their club.
11931- But the same goes for the rest of Iraq: the US is now lamely asking for a UN resolution mandating a transfer of power to a legitimate Iraqi government - but such an authorization is highly unlikely, nor is there anyone in Iraq to whom authority can conceivably be transferred.
11932- Moreover, rival Sino-Japanese claims to the Senkaku (or Diao Yutai) Islands resurfaced last year when the Japanese government leased three islets in the chain from private parties.
11933- But he can make the case that countries such as Japan, India, Germany, and others deserve an enhanced position in the UN's most important body, one more commensurate with their power and status.
11934- From that time on, Japan trod a lonely path that ended with its defeat in World War II.
11935- But the alleged obsolescence of the PC is actually a sign of how basic it has become to a new vision of society.
11936- If this policy shift had taken place a year ago or even early last summer, the prospects would have been better.
11937- Pressure for revaluation comes at a stage when per capita national income is merely $1,000, not $10,000 or $15,000, so China still needs a rather long period of rapid economic growth to reach anything like the stage that Japan had achieved when it allowed the yen to be revalued.
11938- Sharon's solution was unilateral withdrawal and the idea that Israel would decide on its own interim boundaries with a view to what it would claim if there was ever a negotiated agreement.
11939- But that is unlikely.
11940- The Wrong Way to Think About Oil
11941- The enthusiasm is obvious, and the campaign is already under way and highly spirited.
11942- Israel, meanwhile, is worried that Hamas has strengthened its military grip on Gaza, in terms of both fortifications and networks capable of launching Qassam rockets into neighboring Israeli towns.
11943- In either case, it is widely feared that either of these outcomes is intended simply to appease America.
11944- Ironically, there may once have been a point at which a large increase in troops might have made a difference.
11945- Today's Summit meeting will give a new impulse to NATO's political evolution.
11946- That information moves according to the laws of electricity.
11947- As time passed and scientific knowledge accumulated--much of it from the fruit fly--the true complexity of the relationship between genes and characteristics became clear.
11948- To be sure, President-elect Ahmadinejad is more reminiscent of Latin American populists like Hugo Chavez or Juan Peron, mobilizing the "descamisados" against the rich and practicing resource nationalism, than of Lenin or even Castro.
11949- From ping-pong diplomacy with China to the united German Olympic team that competed in 1990 before actual reunification, sport has prefigured political developments, and politicians everywhere have seized on the importance of the World Cup.
11950- In others, stability or justice is more important than political freedom.
11951- Without doubt, President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair believed that Saddam Hussein either had, or had the wherewithal to produce, such weapons when they decided for pre-emptive war.
11952- Many of the key hazards are increasing in frequency and intensity. Climate change is partly responsible.
11953- Greek-Turkish rapprochement has created the framework for closer relations between Turkey and the EU.
11954- The Europeans should appoint a Commissioner for Democracy and Human Rights Promotion.
11955- The passage of any law by China's rubber-stamp National People's Congress is always a mere formality.
11956- If they work together, more progress can be made in tackling the world's problems than if they see each global flashpoint as an opportunity to seek advantage at the other's expense.
11957- It was simply not the case, Keynes argued, that the private incentives of those active in the marketplace were aligned with the public good.
11958- What happens in Iraq will show how an elected Islamist-type government wields power.
11959- As long as America remains an occupying force in Iraq, political stability there is unlikely. Without political stability, Iraq's economic recovery is unlikely, too.
11960- Reform of the armed services has boiled down to disarmament alone.
11961- The new/old politics is inward-looking and likes the idea of the revival of the nation as a protective bulwark against foreign goods and foreign migrants and foreign ownership.
11962- Issues that we once regarded as "medium-term" are becoming more urgent.
11963- None of these countries needs NATO, but the smell of PATO, CENTO, SEATO, and other long forgotten pacts and pseudo pacts is again in the air.
11964- The reason for these negative effects appears to be that high corporatism is strongly correlated with stifled entrepreneurship and obstructive job protection.
11965- Although it was only slightly longer than the highly successful cantilever bridge over the Forth River near Edinburgh, Scotland, the Quebec Bridge was so inadequately designed that it collapsed before it was completed.
11966- Both research teams describe how the use of a chemical inhibitor can kill tumor cells that have either a BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene defect causing hereditary breast cancer.
11967- One is the old model: a recovery in real wages and a resumption of consumption.
11968- Another problem is that there are no restrictions on the sale of old equipment that runs only on the banned substances.
11969- Expect more such packages in the future.
11970- France has secured a vast market for its products, a steady supply of cheap raw materials, repatriation of the lion's share of local savings, unrivaled political influence, a strategic presence with military bases occupied free of charge, and the certainty that it can rely on its African allies' diplomatic support.
11971- Indeed, another analysis, including 14 randomized trials with 1,213 patients six months after a stroke, compared the effects of conventional stroke rehabilitation with and without acupuncture as a supplement.
11972- When we group chimpanzees together with, say, snakes, as "animals," we imply that the gap between us and chimpanzees is greater than the gap between chimpanzees and snakes.
11973- Standard supply-side arguments fare no better.
11974- Although the reasons for gridlock differ across countries, the bottom line is that few politicians anywhere are having much success in limbering up their economies.
11975- That is good news, because there is a pretty strong chance that we are going to see major price declines in a number of cities around the globe in the next few years, and these price declines will cause real pain to many homeowners.
11976- Whatever one thinks of the many concrete suggestions made by the Commission, this much is clear: we need a more inclusive debate about globalization, one in which more voices are heard, and in which there is more focus on the social dimensions of globalization. This is a message the world would do well to heed, lest discontent with globalization continue to grow.
11977- In an interview with an American newspaper, he reminded Taiwan that China would "pay any price to safeguard the unity of the motherland."
11978- The Defeated Remain Defiant
11979- Every outstanding American international macroeconomist who went to MIT, among them Jeffrey Frankel, Paul Krugman, Maurice Obstfeld and Ken Rogoff, was Rudi's student.
11980- Capitalism could be reconstructed after World War II because it was buttressed by three necessary types of regulation: social security, which served as a principal stabilizer, at least in the developed countries; Keynesian tools to fight domestic cyclical downturns; and a universal high-wage policy aimed at stimulating general consumption, without which the genius of capitalism -- mass production -- does not work.
11981- This is unfortunate.
11982- In the US, consumer prices fell 27% between 1929 and 1933, and the unemployment rate topped out in 1933 at 23%.
11983- In the fall of 2001 the Parisian Comedie Francaise staged a brilliant production of Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice .
11984- Optimists point out that China has engaged in good neighbor policies since the 1990's, settled border disputes, played a greater role in international institutions, and recognized the benefits of using soft power.
11985- Tony Blair's re-election in Britain last year was a landslide victory for New Labor, giving his party an unassailable majority in Britain's House of Commons.
11986- But the Union's regulatory authority is likely to be accepted by the accession countries only if it remains tied to the redistributionist ethic at the heart of the EU's social model.
11987- But if we want to do more than love them, if we want to save them, we must become fearless.
11988- Hundreds of thousands of Romanians cheered President Bush as he welcomed us into NATO, and we meant it.
11989- Weakened by the collapse of the USSR, the economy was sent into a tailspin after successive floods and droughts in 1995, 1996 and 1997.
11990- Ill-prepared and introduced all at once, these reforms created an impression of chaos and amateurishness.
11991- In the US, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan did his job in 2001 and 2002, aggressively cutting interest rates.
11992- After Haiti's President Jean-Bertrand Aristide was overthrown a few years ago, Brazil's football team acted as an ambassador for the United Nations' Brazilian-led peacekeeping forces.
11993- Had history taken a different turn, we might have been among the first members of both structures.
11994- After years of stagnant growth, the German economy has been growing at an annual rate of about 2.5% in 2006.
11995- Highly motivated minorities can and do overwhelm the general interests of majorities who are not seized with an issue.
11996- By contrast, European women work less and have less money to spend on services.
11997- And here we face a difficulty.
11998- If actual appreciation does not reduce China's trade surplus, pressure to appreciate the yuan further would only continue, as was true for Japan before 1995.
11999- This influence does not imply a hegemonic relationship, but rather points to an alternative path for reform and economic development that other primarily Muslim countries might take.
12000- He urged scientists and scientific institutions around the world to resolve this inequity and bring the benefits of science to all.
12001- Today, Russia is racked by a sense of déjà�vu for those times.
12002- The anti-democratic forces who tried to stop people from voting there were Sunni Muslim Arab terror groups, ranging from supporters of Saddam Hussein's deposed dictatorship to followers of Osama bin Ladin's extremist Islamism.
12003- EU citizens can secure a clearer understanding of what the Convention should achieve by asking this question: how should governmental functions be divided between the EU and its member nations?
12004- Many communists led the resistance against fascism in Europe, and many people believed that communism was the wave of the future.
12005- Total war means total employment.
12006- Japan's barbaric conduct during WWII--and the Allies' nuclear retaliation at Hiroshima and Nagasaki--laid the foundation for the US-imposed pacifism that has reigned since the war's end.
12007- Bush Loses in the Supreme Court and America Wins
12008- In April 2004, China's legislators ruled out universal suffrage in Hong Kong's 2007 election of its chief executive, as well as for its 2008 Legislative Council election.
12009- Together, Europeans must find what connects them, and derive new enthusiasm, new spirit from what they find - a spirit sorely needed to tackle the great issues of today. No country can address these issues along.
12010- Setting out for the Western Territory was expensive.
12011- That question is vital, because many financial bubbles have, indeed, been followed by a collapse of output and employment.
12012- Yet donors continue shipping expensive food aid while ignoring Malawi's desperate need to grow more food.
12013- Worse followed.
12014- Khodorkovsky is the fourth major businessmen taken out of action by the authorities.
12015- Consolidation of Russian strategic power would limit the scope of China's sway.
12016- But it is not always easy to determine who "they"--the terrorists--are.
12017- Our reality, I suspect, would challenge even Ionesco's sense of the absurd.
12018- After the first trans-Atlantic cable in 1868, Europe and America could communicate in a minute.
12019- There is a broad array of policies that can benefit people in both developing and developed countries, thereby providing globalization with the popular legitimacy that it currently lacks.
12020- Insurance companies provide professional, finely detailed risk management that respects the complexity of the dangers to be hedged and responds creatively to individual needs.
12021- Along the coast of the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, some 30% of the fishery capacity was lost.
12022- With the attacks of September 11, 2001, and the response of the Bush administration, the "war against terrorism" became relevant to Colombia.
12023- The war that erupted in 1991 in no small measure pitted those parts that had been ruled by the German-speaking empires against those that avoided such colonization.
12024- Giving more independence to the Central Bank would be well received in the markets, as otherwise they will fear Lula will succumb to the temptation to inflate the country's way out of difficulties.
12025- Despite encouraging signs, it is impossible to ignore a "democracy deficit" in the Muslim world, especially the Arab part of it.
12026- Chávez seeks to buy regional influence, but mostly he props up ideological cronies like Bolivia's Evo Morales and Nicaragua's Daniel Ortega, and some as far afield as Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe and Belarus's Aleksander Lukashenko.
12027- But what are these lighthouses?
12028- Concern with the region did not begin with the attacks in the US in September 2001 or with the Madrid bombings.
12029- That's why the political talks -- open and clandestine -- now reported to be underway are vital.
12030- The rationale behind such joint action is that it provides a relatively stronger impact on the expectations of foreign exchange dealers and, therefore, on the exchange itself.
12031- Politicians and experts have invariably sought to draw comparisons with recent examples like Afghanistan, Sierra Leone, East Timor, but also with more remote and fundamental cases.
12032- Throughout Europe, conservatism is in crisis.
12033- Managers in such "left" societies are no less technically capable, but their organizational constraints, incentives, and goals are less pro-shareholder.
12034- There are nonetheless signs of modest progress.
12035- It was Sharon who sensed a sea change in Israeli sentiment and acted upon it.
12036- Finally, there is the revolutionary Islamist vision espoused by Hamas, which seeks to continue fighting and using terrorism, regardless of how much time it takes and lives it costs, until it defeats both Israel and Palestinian secular nationalists.
12037- The district is poor by any reckoning, with 100,000 people crammed into shabby corrugated iron and tarpaulin-covered huts along miles of dirt pathways and hillsides.
12038- In this highly uncertain environment, monetary policy decisions which did not rely on a solid framework could have been misguided. This posed a risk of substantial policy errors, which would have constituted a deadly blow on reputation, the most important capital of any central bank.
12039- Turning down or delaying Baltic state membership will be seen as a concession to Russia; acting in their favor will be regarded by Moscow as a slap-in-the-face.
12040- When Dr. Rice made her first visit as Secretary of State to NATO headquarters two weeks ago, Alliance Foreign Ministers had a discussion about the Middle East Peace Process.
12041- Of course, it is always very hard for leaders to relinquish power.
12042- China will move carefully but firmly in promoting this path.
12043- In the case of Royal, the meaning of "rupture" is both more obvious and more visible.
12044- When the European Council opened the way for Turkish membership in 1999, it fully took into account the establishment of the European (political) Union by the Maastricht Treaty years earlier.
12045- Iraq's children have suffered more than just successive wars and economic sanctions.
12046- The program was in English, but the advertisements were in Spanish. In terms of football at least, the Hispanic community's influence has brought the United States closer to Europe (though not, of course, in its team's performance on the pitch).
12047- It worked against Libya, leading Muammar Khadafi in the late 1990's to stop sponsoring terrorism, turn over the Lockerbie bombers for trial, and pay compensation to British and French victims of Libyan-sponsored terrorism.
12048- Cooperation on security matters is desirable for America, and indispensable for the countries of the region.
12049- The most explicit call for the use of dollar reserves to finance a major program of infrastructure modernization has come from India, which has a similar problem to the one facing China and Japan.
12050- The principle underlying the Golden Shield is that "as virtue rises one foot, vice rises ten."
12051- None of these indispensable and long-postponed reforms will convince López Obrador's followers that the end of poverty and inequality in Mexico is around the corner.
12052- In the early 1990's, it weathered the implosion of the Japanese economic miracle, and maintained a steady course through the Asian economic crisis later in the decade.
12053- This story captures how disturbing -- in some cases, revolting -- we find a body without a soul, and it embodies the emotional pull that our common-sense dualism often has.
12054- Most worrying is the ever-growing tax burden placed on the rural population.
12055- Thus, despite today's political quiet, major cleavage between apparently unchallenged leaders and shifting popular moods may be gaining strength below the surface.
12056- This corporatist structure - labor unions, workers councils, employer confederations, and big banks - facilitates direct interventions in economic decision making to give interest groups protection and veto power.
12057- These two countries are not yet ready for membership.
12058- American shame would be salutary if it led Americans to realize that they live in an interdependent world where nations cannot undertake unilateral military adventures without suffering unexpected disasters.
12059- Purges continued until practically no officers were left to command battles.
12060- Enshrined in the Chinese Communist Party's constitution are the following words: "Mao Zedong, the Party's chief representative, created Mao Zedong Thought, which has been proved correct by practice and based on which the Communist Party developed the basic system of socialism economically, politically, and culturally after the founding of the People's Republic."
12061- Three short years ago, few forecast this convergence of interests.
12062- In the current violence, the police have unfortunately been placed in the position of sole representative of the state.
12063- Angola, which currently exports 25% of its oil production to China, was granted a $2 billion loan in exchange for a contract to supply China 10,000 barrels of oil per day.
12064- As one presenter at the conference summarized: "No models have shown a complete shutdown, or a net cooling over land areas.
12065- "Quiet baby syndrome," for example, when mothers praise their babies for never crying, is now considered a warning sign for methyl mercury-induced brain damage in children.
12066- The UN must make clear that it will halt the tribunal if it falls short of international standards.
12067-                                     Behind her elevated falsehood
12068- For too long, America tolerated a "democratic exception" in the Muslim Middle East.
12069- Estimates suggest that Japan would need 10 million immigrants per year until 2050 just to maintain the ratio of workers to pensioners that it had in 1995!
12070- Even Germany, after even worse performance than France, has now taken decisive steps.
12071- After all, by far the most important factor determining whether our children and grandchildren will enjoy secure, healthy, and productive lives is whether the world's natural ecosystems survive the pressures put on them by modern civilization.
12072- Not everyone passes such a test, particularly when elections are approaching.
12073- Meanwhile, solid macroeconomic stability and steady growth of 6.5% a year were attained.
12074- But those movements produce big changes in real exchange rates, i.e., in manufacturing competitiveness, and thus fuel demands for trade protection.
12075- The left calls for an expansion of social protection; the right says that doing so would undermine economic growth and widen fiscal deficits.
12076- Their lives are intertwined and yet diverse.
12077- Assistance in dying provided by a non-physician remains illegal.
12078- Congo and Lesotho each experienced two conflicts during the decade, while civil strife ravaged Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Congo, and Sudan.
12079- Many systems entail politically motivated privileges for powerful lobbies.
12080- Uncertainty about jobs breeds anxiety, and anxiety stokes protectionist sentiments.
12081- There were many more candidates in 1997, three years before the 2000 presidential election, a veritable parade of names representing different sections of the nomenklatura and political spectrum: Chernomyrdin, Yavlinskiy, Lebed, Luzhkov, Nemtsov, Zhirinovskiy.
12082- For 30 years after the 1967 war, Israelis agreed on the need to keep control of the West Bank and Gaza Strip unless or until there was a comprehensive peace agreement with the Palestinians and the Arab states.
12083- Starting with extremely low wages and an underdeveloped currency, German workers succeeded in competing against the world.
12084- At this rate, real per capita GDP will double every 16 years.
12085- Keynes saw himself as the enemy of laissez-faire and an advocate of public management.
12086- On both counts, however, Norway has recently lowered its guard and is heading for trouble.
12087- This is not an argument against progress: I, for one, am glad that people don't die of small pox at 40 anymore.
12088- That is why China fascinates American investors, among others, and why US customers buy Chinese products.
12089- To some extent it is practiced already both in Afghanistan and in the Balkans.
12090- But because Rumsfeld wanted to prove a point about transforming American military strategy, and his neo-conservative advisors had ideological blinders that distorted their appraisal of Iraqi reality, Shinseki's advice was rejected.
12091- Instead of imposing requirements, it would be much better to provide resources to enable poor countries to comply on a voluntary basis.
12092- Most Russians reached this conclusion long before the Beslan attack.
12093- The Long Decline of Western Europe?
12094- I used to think that the US current account deficit would stop when the rest of the world "balanced up"--when Japan recovered from its decade-long stagnation, and when Western Europe restructured its economy, boosting aggregate demand and reducing its unemployment rate to some reasonable level.
12095- Underneath all this is the niggling question: why are we doing all this?
12096- Huntington sees something sinister at work within Islam - that Islam's social outcomes reflect, not its level of modernity, but the tenets of its faith.
12097- They may become malicious and aggressive in Iraq and Afghanistan.
12098- Like many liberals, the Times' editors worried that higher energy taxes would fall disproportionately on the poor.
12099- But it is at least as likely that some transmission will persist, or that the virus will be reintroduced into human populations from animals.
12100- Re-prioritization, less duplication, and better armaments cooperation are further steps that will ensure that the Alliance retains its military edge.
12101- The good news for Europe is that the big country politicians — Schroeder in Germany, Chirac in France and Silvio Berlusconi in Italy — all are on the way out.
12102- The mega-regions, which tend to share common dialects, ethnic identities, and histories, are becoming economic powerhouses in their own right.
12103- While neither American nor Iraqi security officials have yet found a way to tame the militias, the Iraqi public is increasingly drawn toward a vision of a democratic, non-sectarian government for the country.
12104- "East is East, and West is West, and never the twain shall meet," Rudyard Kipling famously said.
12105- This is of particular importance for our ideas about the European Union, where we seek an effective balance between the nation and Europe.
12106- Let them assume the leadership that we all see is possible, inspired anew by the opening words of Maria Stewart's historic speech: "Oh, do not say you cannot make anything of your children; but say, with the help and assistance of God, we will try."
12107- Then people like Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan arrived.
12108- On the contrary, the US is continuing to thwart European efforts gradually to establish a rule-based international order.
12109- Tourism, in particular -- cruises as well as more adventurous trips -- has become a favorite pastime for the elderly.
12110- The easiest and the most understandable idea for Russians to cling to is patriotism.
12111- Taiwan has already done so.
12112- A brave concession, no doubt, but India has a more rigorous criterion for believing that Pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement: it wants Pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism--in particular, the training camps for Kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren.
12113- In this case, the mistake is to think that Israel can destroy Hezbollah or eliminate it as a political and military entity.
12114- In an historic speech to the General Assembly, he said that we could either continue with business as usual, potentially leading to disaster, or we could review the entire post-1945 architecture of the international system and construct a more effective structure of global governance.
12115- This is an interesting view -- and perhaps a necessary one -- but it is also dangerous.
12116- A close look at productivity growth (output per hour worked) in the US and Europe shows that US capitalism remains as vital than ever.
12117- Even more important, the information revolution is creating virtual communities and networks that cut across national borders, and transnational corporations and non-governmental actors - terrorists included - will play larger roles.
12118- Of course, institutional differences between America and Western Europe do exist: in the regulation of labor, in restrictions on land-use and redevelopment, in the tolerance of competition authorities for resale price maintenance and related practices.
12119- But two forces can turn a mild slowdown into a severe recession or even depression:
12120- Indeed, Iraq no longer deserves to be described as a united country.
12121- If they rise to power, will they respect the rights of minorities and women and leave office when voted out?
12122- But one player is missing: Emile Lahoud, who claims Lebanon's presidency as his by right of Syrian power.
12123- Newspaper stories are an indicator of this rising concern.
12124- The aim is praiseworthy: to ensure that aid will be unambiguously beneficial, and won't merely be exploited by bad governments to extend their hold on power.
12125- For one thing, the divisive war in Iraq may turn out to be the last act of the twentieth century rather than a harbinger of the twenty-first.
12126- If sex reassignment surgery can relieve a person's suffering, then the question of whether or not it is treating a conventionally defined illness seems beside the point.
12127- Now they are showing a new respect for tillers of the land, realizing that the fastest way out of extreme poverty for ordinary people is to increase both farm output and crop prices.
12128- But Kuwait shows that there will invariably come a moment when holding onto feudal ways is no longer an option.
12129- More stable financial markets and a less volatile exchange rate relative to the euro will bring many advantages.
12130- The United States gets only a fifth of its oil from the Persian Gulf.
12131- On one side, there is the carrot of living and earning like a US resident. On the other, there's the stick of probably never becoming a citizen.
12132- Funds flow euphorically into favored sectors; for a time, asset prices soar.
12133- Why are the social sciences so much more at risk of having their budgets cut than the other two great bodies of academic knowledge, the humanities and the natural sciences?
12134- If some country has a surplus, another country must have a deficit.
12135- Dissidents who attempt to fund their activities by conducting private business sometimes find themselves jailed for economic crimes like fraud and illegal publishing.
12136- Sociopolitical conditions in developing countries where demographic growth outpaces economic growth--the situation throughout the Middle East and North Africa--are bound to deteriorate rapidly in the years ahead.
12137- Poll after poll confirms that America's soft power has declined, particularly in the Islamic world.
12138- The decade-long sanctions against Myanmar have not restored Aung San Suu Kyi to power, but have deepened the disease burden and extreme poverty in that country.
12139- It is a longstanding method of conflict frequently defined as deliberate attack on the innocent with the objective of spreading fear.
12140- Some Socialists fear that, once nominated, she would not be able to confront Sarkozy in direct debates.
12141- Moreover, the EU is a majestic instrument for international reconciliation.
12142- In Argentina one bumbling president succeeds the next.
12143- They witness.
12144- These include income distribution programs, special schools in poor sectors that integrate education, cultural and sport facilities, and a recycling system for the 13,000 tons of waste produced daily, thereby creating new working opportunities for street collectors.
12145- Young nations such as Mexico and Turkey should be particularly careful, due to their strong economic ties with NAFTA and the EU, where the gradual aging of populations is well under way.
12146- French President Jacques Chirac has joined Blair and Brown in a bold call for rich countries to honor their promises to the poor.
12147- You must have known that all these animals were going to get slaughtered anyway?
12148- Low interest rates strengthen the ability to pay, and thus boost demand.
12149- Even an ugly election can be beautiful if it advances democracy - an important lesson for countries like Afghanistan and Iraq.
12150- During Boris Yeltsin's presidency, this criticism became even stronger.
12151- It had originally been intended that the Doha Round would address investment, but the developing countries chose to downgrade the issue and concentrate on agriculture instead.
12152- Were one of them to oppose common action, the cohesion and credibility of any EU undertaking would be destroyed.
12153- On disease, malaria could be controlled by 2008 using proven, low-cost methods.
12154- High energy prices are a boon to Russia's economy, but, as is often the case in the Middle East and other oil- and gas-rich regions, they can be a burden as well, feeding corruption and discouraging real economic activity.
12155- A Roadmap to Peace that Can Work
12156- Happy Days Are Not Here Again
12157- But this can be accomplished only if the model is reformed in the West.
12158- Pressures are mounting on the ECB to raise interest rates -- and Berlusconi and Co.'s attacks are as much as an attempt to forestall future rate hikes as to get the ECB to loosen its monetary policy.
12159- Much depends on how the ground-war evolves in Afghanistan, and whether the US military presence makes way for a UN-sponsored supervisory mission of the type now in place in Kosovo.
12160- This was always half myth.
12161- Rather than address actual problems, Putin pursues his personal authoritarian agenda.
12162- According to Tufano, the fundamental problem in encouraging low-income people to save is that they need the money not just to manage their lives years in the future, when they retire, but also to deal with short-term crises.
12163- Meanwhile, in Germany, the elections this September may have surprising consequences for ECB monetary policy.
12164- But government has a central role to play in the debate over the creation of democracy -- one more important than its oversight of fiscal matters.
12165- The OECD has indexed how easy it is to fire an employee in member countries.
12166- Children supposedly liked the pink bread.
12167- They played a tremendous role in the erosion of the Soviet system….They kept infecting more and more people over the years."
12168- Yet they tend to pluralize world politics by calling attention to issues that governments prefer to ignore, and by acting as pressure groups across borders.
12169- Finally, moderate Muslims must explore Indonesia's vibrant and indigenous Islamic traditions.
12170- And Palestinians accepted Hamas's view that negotiations based on the Oslo Accords could not achieve Palestinian rights and political ambitions.
12171- With the support of the two most powerful actors in world trade, the ITA model has been pursued ever since in other sectors.
12172- The fact that China, within a decade, has overhauled Africa's balance of power, relegating the US and the UK to third and fourth place and challenging France for first place as the continent's main economic and commercial partner, has irked these competitors.
12173- Nevertheless, we believe that a minimal set of financial sector reforms -- essentially making banks' balance sheets strong enough to withstand substantial interest-rate policy actions -- should suffice to implement a low inflation objective.
12174- The Schizophrenia Syndrome
12175- We would have enough resources to win the war against hunger, end conflicts, stop communicable diseases, provide clean drinking water, broaden educational access, and halt climate change.
12176- At Helsinki in December 1999, the EU agreed that Turkey must resolve its differences with its neighbors peacefully by the end of 2004, within the framework of EU and international law; otherwise, any outstanding dispute would be settled at the International Court of Justice.
12177- A refusal to carry the transfer costs associated with multinational states contributed to the "velvet divorce" between the Czech Republic and Slovakia and the dramatic breakdown of ex-Yugoslavia.
12178- A more general issue is the relative lack of openness in the region's political systems and economies.
12179- The dream of One Europe was put off for almost two generations.
12180- Yet there are also commonalities -- and warnings to us all: we are not prepared for these massive shocks, more of which are certain to come. Massive population growth has exposed vast numbers of people to new kinds of extreme vulnerability.
12181- But it would be unwise to paint President Lula as a dangerous populist just because his political base resembles that of the wayward Chávez.
12182- In short, the budget is a model for all developing countries.
12183- To this extent, hard money is not only a poor cure, but it mis-diagnoses the disease.
12184- Unfortunately, there are worrying signs that this is happening.
12185- Why are its benefits seemingly concentrated in a few locations?
12186- This is because they often see themselves having more in common with the big countries than the other small ones.
12187- This was one of the major reasons for Japan's acceptance of the change.
12188- Instead, all Iraqis were allowed to participate in the process, and, though consensus was not ultimately reached, that, too, was a part of the democratization process.
12189- Vegetation in large stretches of lowland can be hurt substantially as saltwater-tolerant mangroves and grasses take over from other species.
12190- On both accounts, aggregate demand will decline.
12191- The New Face of Fascism
12192- How the court performs matters deeply to the millions of Cambodians scarred by the crimes of the Khmer Rouge.
12193- Unfortunately, America now has an administration keen to downplay the importance of timely reporting of insider stock sales (the President himself failed to do that when he was in business), the timely reporting of changes in the accounting treatment of a company's unrealized revenues (something that did happen at Halliburton when it was run by Vice President Cheney), and of executives' duty to know about the fraud committed by their subordinates (unlike what happened when current Army Secretary White was running Enron's energy trading operations).
12194- Thanks to EU pressures, Turkey's domestic Kurdish problem is well on the way to being resolved democratically, with most Kurdish leaders in Turkey expressing their commitment to Turkish unity.
12195- Indeed, nine out of ten schoolchildren in the EU now learn English.
12196- It verges on slavery when children are locked up without proper lighting, food, and healthcare.
12197- Jihad or Murder?
12198- Thus, the South African economy experienced an absolute decline in per capita output during the years of widespread sanctions.
12199- But America's intransigence in this area is sparking protests in countries facing the "threat" of such an agreement, such as Morocco, and is forming the basis of long-lasting resentment.
12200- The economic consequences of these crises have been gigantic. On average, each of them cost the Latin American countries 12% of GDP.
12201- Oh please! Where have the people been all these years?
12202- By winning election on a clear anti-violence and pro-rule of law platform, Abbas has the mandate and the responsibility to carry out this policy.
12203- "Stay out of it! It could get expensive," we cry.
12204- Moreover, Germany is increasingly interested in exercising political influence on its own; as a result, it is no longer happy with what it gets from the alliance with France.
12205- Europe's English-Speaking Peoples
12206- Traditional Socialist nostrums -- nationalization, price controls, government direction -- had failed in the past, could not be expected to work in the future, and thus held no credibility with voters.
12207- The "social rights" in Part II are seen as compensating voters on the left for, say, enshrining "competition" as a fundamental objective of the Union in Part I. But neither provision belongs in the Constitution.
12208- In manufacturing, it deters poor countries from moving up the value chain as tariffs on their exports increase with the degree of processing.
12209- Five hundred years ago, the Atlantic rainforest stretched nearly the entirety of Brazil's 8,500-kilometer coastline; today, less than 7% remains.
12210- The key will be so-called "second-round effects" -- whether growing crude prices lead to higher wage demands from trade unions.
12211- Already the scenes of looters exploiting the chaos in the early aftermath of the storm have been replaced with stories of charitable contributions from other parts of the country, of children being accepted into schools outside the city, and of families being helped by strangers.
12212- The first is a new missile named Sajil, which has a range of 15 kilometers and can reach more Israeli towns and cities.
12213- The international community should demand the immediate start of negotiations towards the creation of a Palestinian state and push for direct negotiations on a peace agreement between Israel and Syria.
12214- Top-down directives and outright censorship are rare.
12215- We know from experience that neither political pressures nor economic sanctions hurt Saddam enough.
12216- The recalcitrance of the holdouts against the consensus -- a direct challenge to Trichet's leadership -- gave the ECB president little alternative.
12217- He has no specific program or strong ideas, but he speaks in a clear and reasonable way (he calls himself liberal-conservative) that is very different from the mechanical party language of the postcommunists and rightists.
12218- As Osama bin Laden observed, people like a strong horse.
12219- Legitimacy is even more problematic regarding recognition, which implies a feeling of community and attachment.
12220- As America's legitimacy diminishes, new actors are appearing on the world stage -- or returning for an encore.
12221- No politician is free from a sense of destiny, and I think that Blair's got the better of him.
12222- But on this subject and others - say, family and abortion - religious Muslims in Europe side with conservative Christians.
12223- PAN's metamorphosis is underway, but there is still much work to be done.
12224- Rather than buckling to France's will, the Romanian president warned French leaders to stop lecturing his country.
12225- Instead of being forced to resign after Rwanda and Srebrenica, he was promoted to Secretary-General.
12226- Why and how did a regional myth grow into one of modern Western culture's most enduring fixtures?
12227- It may also be too late for Saudi Arabia.
12228- For our commitment to the universality of human rights forms but one part of the complex context of a universal civilization, from which an understanding of the other elements of modern societies - economic justice and political democracy - cannot be excluded.
12229- More importantly, his governments hesitance in addressing the countrys deep problems with its health care system, pensions, and the labor market creates a sense of political paralysis.
12230- Instead of a one-time satisfaction, you retain a permanent privilege.
12231- What accounts for this broad-based underdevelopment?
12232- It will take more than a few role models, such as Zinedine Zidane, France's greatest soccer star, to appease the frustrations and to curb the resentments.
12233- They have little choice but to resist, and their strength should not be underestimated. The battle for Russian democracy is joined anew.
12234- They would have understood that the calculations provided were at complete odds with reality, and they would have considered what to do about it.
12235- The Next Gas Crisis Awaits
12236- Russia mobilized to support Serbia, while Germany launched a "pre-emptive" war against France and Russia, invading France via Belgium.
12237- The business sector remains unaffected and continues to talk optimistically of the prospects opened up by closer integration with the mainland.
12238- At the same time, the demonstrations represent China's experience of the world as an unequal place where the weak are inevitably bullied, exploited, and humiliated.
12239- The new American operational commander in Iraq, Lt. General Raymond Odierno, says that the new efforts will be more evenhanded among Sunni and Shiite neighborhoods, and American troops will stay alongside Iraqi troops in areas that have been cleared.
12240- Now is the moment for Russians to take Russia back!
12241- For example, the inspectors found a dozen chemical weapons warheads in mint condition in a relatively new warehouse, but minimized the significance of their discovery by arguing that the warheads were empty.
12242- To reduce the destabilizing consequences of even such limited operations, a massive effort to help the predictable flood of refugees survive the winter should be cranked up now, rather than waiting until a crisis is upon us.
12243- Having successfully integrated ten new members in May -- including eight former communist countries with significantly lower levels of economic development -- some argue that the EU should stop there.
12244- Indeed, we can expect his new theoretical framework to become a reference point in a decade or two.
12245- Strip out all this non-tradable equity and what is left is a market worth about $145 billion (around 12% of GDP) at the end of 2002.
12246- But they should also be supplemented by other devices.
12247- Now, half-a-year later, the balance of responsibility needs to be reconsidered.
12248- Thus, conservatives and reformists agree that the rights of others should be observed and preserved.
12249- Life at the South China Morning Post , Hong Kong's leading English language newspaper, and so a visible political gauge, offers a window into what is going on all across Hong Kong's institutions.
12250- But it is facile to jump from individual corporate scandals to broad conclusions about the supposed rottenness of the American economy.
12251- In areas which serve their national interest, individual members should decide whether to retain wholly national control or whether to co‑operate with others.
12252- Small neighbors without options will suffer, but Europe may not.
12253- Former political friends of the leaders of Citizen's Platform try to conceal their envy, but without much success. Things can't be the same any more.
12254- -4.4
12255- This was the "gas war," which its leaders used to overthrow President Sánchez de Lozada and hold back the modernization process of strengthening institutions, opening markets, and integrating Bolivia into the global economy.
12256- It would not be acceptable to argue that to bomb a city on the mainland was necessary in order to compel the Argentine population to put pressure on the military junta to withdraw from the islands.
12257- The question for Japan is this: what will happen, both in Iraq and in the world, if America withdraws in failure?
12258- It is not clear what this would accomplish in light of the Secretary's declaration that he would resign not as an expression of guilt but only if he can no longer be "effective."
12259- They remain convinced that Russia is a great power, but one that for now must act primarily as a regional one.
12260- It seems improbable that such enterprises should exist in Bolivia, a fragile democracy, and the hemisphere's poorest place next to Haiti.
12261- All those who predicted the collapse of America's ``house of cards'' economy (who thought that Enron's collapse was finally the sign in the sky that they were right) must now be exhausted.
12262- Israel's response to Hamas's victory will obviously be complicated by its own elections on March 28, and by a government headed by an interim prime minister, Ehud Olmert, owing to Sharon's incapacitation just weeks after leaving Likud and founding a new, centrist party, Kadima (Forward).
12263- Iran is a party to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and has repeatedly declared that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only.
12264- The latest view, endorsed by the European Commission, blames a shortage of infrastructure and proposes more bridges and tunnels.
12265- The shipments caught by customs authorities mostly originate from free industrial zones, also called export-processing zones, in China, Vietnam, Thailand, and Egypt.
12266- They, too, see the world through a prism that makes America continue to appear essential, but no longer preeminent.
12267- Given China and Japan's surpluses, a number twice that size might be more realistic.
12268- With relations in the region and with the West approaching something like normalcy, Serbs were beginning to feel, at long last, that they were finding peace with themselves and the world.
12269- Some are inspired by Al Qaeda, others by disgruntled Sunnis, but all can claim a nationalist mantle.
12270- President Bush Goes Soft
12271- In the end, it will squander human lives--such as the brave and dedicated workers of the UN--not to mention hundreds of billions of dollars.
12272- But it was not enough to win an election that López Obrador and his backers thought was in the bag.
12273- Most US exports and imports are denominated in dollars, and the dollar is extensively used in trade that does not involve America.
12274- A decision is expected in the first half of 2005, but how the Pact will be revised remains uncertain.
12275- But whoever wins will need new ideas and initiatives to reinvigorate a dormant institution.
12276- This implies that if Iraq increased its oil exports by one million barrels a day--which it could quickly achieve with a cessation of attacks on its infrastructure--it would have around $10 billion per year in additional revenues to begin reconstruction.
12277- By the same token, unless we recognize and address the problems of globalization, it will be difficult to sustain.
12278- He disdains climate science and public health science when it conflicts with the beliefs -- and interests -- of his core supporters.
12279- Why?
12280- During his four years in power, Putin has advanced four major policies.
12281- Despite concerns over conflict in southern Thailand, there are no secessionist enclaves beyond government control, and no indications of foreign terrorist involvement.
12282- There are, of course, similarities and differences between the former communist countries and Iraq.
12283- We appeared stronger in the diplomatic arena than our economic and military power might warrant. Not anymore.
12284- Under this postwar horse-trading America always got to name the head of the World Bank, while a European would always lead the IMF, with an American filling the number two spot at the Fund.
12285- The IMF is tragically ignoring this logic in Argentina.
12286- For some time now America has appeared to be intent on discarding the basic ordering instrument of relations between states - international treaties and the institutions that watch over them.
12287- We need mechanisms to address violations of moral or religious beliefs, but we cannot place restrictions on individuals' ability to contribute to the public welfare.
12288- But to be a genuine locus of international legitimacy, the UN must become a different organization--one secure in its own legitimacy and able to function without the endless delays, vetoes, indecisiveness, and unwillingness to ensure respect for its decisions.
12289- But it is beginning to emerge that many also preferred to stay in a social environment that they trusted rather than fleeing to safer, but foreign, surroundings.
12290- Conservatives draw their proofs from the texts of the Koran, while reformists argue that the Koran mentions and recognizes both the Old and New Testaments.
12291- Instead, the war ground to a bloody stalemate.
12292- The creation of that body was an important step, because it introduced a set of criteria that must be fulfilled by countries that want to call themselves democratic.
12293- But firms also care about what their competitors do.
12294- The disasters of two world wars, and the half-century of Cold War, pushed Europe to embrace cooperation and integration in order to avoid another suicidal battle.
12295- The economic significance of new financial products is likely to grow more rapidly as foreign banks enter the market.
12296- A Day of Liberation
12297- Or at least, to consider perhaps a quite different question: where would it be reasonable for the EU to move?
12298- While both policies must be regarded as successes, over the years the family planning program has contributed to an aging population that may diminish China's attractiveness as a low-cost, labor-intensive manufacturing hub.
12299- The new Iraqi government, when it is formed, will have at least the appearance of viability for the immediate future.
12300- As a potential model to be followed, Europe should look at the so-called "affirmative action" policies that America enacted to provide opportunities to blacks.
12301- Pope Benedict, being from Germany, a predominantly Protestant country, does not carry the weight of this bitter history.
12302- China's Grand Africa Strategy
12303- It could even pay for a substantial share of the cost for a war like that in Iraq!
12304- During April, the rise in inflationary expectations and the euro's appreciation occurred more or less concurrently.
12305- It seems easier for white middle class Americans to consider the poor less worthy of government support if they think of them as different.
12306- This means that governments are judged not by their ability to outmaneuver legislatures, but by the quality of their policies.
12307- Madonna says that that is not what Banda said earlier, although she does not speak his language.
12308- Sustained work-related stress is also an important determinant of depressive disorders - the fourth-largest cause of disease world-wide.
12309- Real wages should grow fourfold by 2010; pensions must also grow accordingly.
12310- Obasanjo has called on Muslim farmers in the area to cull their birds, a key source of protein in a region where malnutrition is a constant threat.
12311- During the Cold War, they were largely suppressed in the face of the Soviet threat and Europeans' recognition of their need of the US to meet that threat.
12312- The end of ideology has been invoked so often that one hesitates to repeat the phrase.
12313- Also one must never forget that we are talking about democracies.
12314- In it, private business takes the driver's seat in the economic and political transition.
12315- Ironically, the American proposal coincided with the inauguration of the International Criminal Court. An even blacker irony is that America and Iraq were two of the seven governments that voted against its establishment in Rome in 1998 when the treaty for the court was adopted.
12316- The choice is especially important now, when poverty in the Third World is finally being recognized as our greatest problem and challenge.
12317- Rather, it provides a way of reaching a better understanding of their point of view.
12318- 3.1
12319- This is what his modernization policy aims to achieve.
12320- Of course, China clearly has a right -- like any country -- to seek the energy, minerals, and other resources it needs.
12321- The majority of these children are female.
12322- Bountiful resources such as oil are a bane for democracy in developing countries, because when a government gets the revenues it needs by selling oil, it doesn't need to collect taxes.
12323- The homogeneity of Europe's nation states is decreasing, with immigrants posing a growing challenge for social solidarity, while the European Union as a whole faces a similar dilemma: is a Dutchman in Amsterdam supposed to feel as much solidarity with a Greek in Athens as with a fellow Dutchman in Rotterdam?
12324- For many years, these regimes - whether the Shia of Iran or the Wahhabis in Saudi Arabia - succeeded in suppressing pluralism and individuality.
12325- Yet Israel, America, and the region's moderates can benefit from the deepening schism in the Arab/Muslim world. That schism is being consolidated by Saudi support of all the region's Sunni Muslims.
12326- Human rights groups have long urged the necessity of extending the writ of Pakistan's Constitution to the tribal belt, where religion-based parties have wide support.
12327- President George W. Bush is endangering the United States and the world's safety while undermining American values.
12328- When I asked people, during my visits to Buenos Aires, why Argentina persisted in this economic folly, a single answer came back: "Yes, when Brazil went off its peg, its inflation remained moderate; but Brazil is Brazil, and we are Argentina."
12329- The irony of the IMF's position over the past eight years is that, while the Clinton Administration advanced Third Way principles at home through an active government role in promoting growth, in the international arena America's Treasury (directly and through the IMF) advanced views that reflected, with only slight variations, traditional market fundamentalism and trickle down economics, ideas which America itself had rejected.
12330- Argentina: Open Up or Shut Down
12331- But, given increasing capacity utilization in the export industries, as well as higher investment requirements owing to the normal capital replacement cycle, domestic investment demand is now also rising.
12332- To defend our liberty we need domestic democracy at least as much as a readiness to attack whatever "forces of evil" may exist elsewhere in the world.
12333- Equality and social cohesion form the backbone of liberty, justice, and security for European cities.
12334- Globalization entails increasing interdependence.
12335- Unable to reform their labor markets because of the fear of street protests, French governments of all political stripes seek to protect their ailing firms, only to face limits imposed by the rules of the Common Market.
12336- Under the auspices of the IMF and the World Bank, lucrative sectors such as energy, telecommunications, water supply, and banks were sold off at knockdown prices to western companies.
12337- Many consequences follow from such home truths about immigration, not least a more rational debate.
12338- After the failure of the Argentina bail out, the IMF recognized the need for an alternative approach.
12339- On the other hand, rather than atrophying, the amygdala, the seat of emotional memories, becomes hyperactive both in post-traumatic stress disorder and depressive illness, and there is evidence from animal studies of a hypertrophy of nerve cells after repeated stress.
12340- Asserting itself as a major power outside the Western realm, Russia has boosted the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, which includes China and most Central Asian countries.
12341- There are too many entry barriers to the poor, the innovative, and those without access to credit.
12342- The world is now more integrated now than in the 1960s or in the 1980s.
12343- Georgia's peaceful revolution is not replicable elsewhere, but it has made neighboring regimes nervous.
12344- Today, less than a quarter are located there.
12345- Unlike Yasser Arafat, who fought for eternal Palestine and not for actual Palestinians, whose prosperity and safety he was always willing to sacrifice for the cause, Nasrallah has a political constituency centered in southern Lebanon.
12346- Military escort should be offered, where necessary, to ensure the security of global energy shipments.
12347- These groups grew strong under the tutelage of the military dictator General Mohammed Zia-ul-Haq during the Soviet war in Afghanistan.
12348- But a leader ought to be judged by his or her actions when important matters are at stake.
12349- Empirical models that try to quantify the impact of exchange rate changes suggest that without an aggressive monetary policy response, a 40 % euro appreciation would knock 2.5% off European growth.
12350- Domestic public opinion will support the use of force if people feel threatened or believe that the cause is just, but Americans have little interest in ruling over other nations.
12351- We have the benefit of hindsight today, but even now most discussions of the issue are predicated on the logic of Limits to Growth .
12352- But the more people who don't accept the fascist alternative are mobilized politically, the smaller the threat will be.
12353- One reason why government-run wage insurance programs must have limited duration is that they involve so-called "moral hazard": the risk that people will get lazy or would take easier, lower-paying jobs and continue to collect insurance that pays them the wage of a more demanding occupation.
12354- They formed perfect targets.
12355- The United States naturally does not export such arms to China. Instead, the US is trying to deter China's rulers from launching a military attack on the democrats in Taiwan.
12356- Ideally, the US should deal with a South Atlantic Treaty Organization, consisting of African states that are allied against terrorism, rather than cutting bilateral deals with individual African countries.
12357- At the same time, they believe that it is up to the US to remove the chaos it created, so they are reluctant to contribute to the task in a substantive way.
12358- Revealed to a visiting American journalist during a private dinner with the Crown Prince, the plan centers on a ``full normalization'' of relations between Israel and all Arab countries, in return for an Israeli withdrawal from all the Palestinian territories it occupied in 1967.
12359- Peer review grew out of the first two scientific journals, the Journal des Sçavans in France and the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society in England, both founded in 1665.
12360- The winners are those that are well adapted to their environment--that is, they develop features that help them to survive and reproduce.
12361- But it is highly dangerous for the international order if the message of the masses is one of anger and resentment, is devoid of any credible economic program, and holds suspicion of international cooperation (particularly with the United States) as paramount.
12362- The recent bombings in Istanbul underscore, once again, the importance of Turkey's overcoming Huntington's fault line to emerge firmly as a prosperous, secular and stable democracy.
12363- This senseless political warfare has hampered cross-strait economic relations.
12364- There are now serious concerns that the so-called dark greens -- the harder-line faction in Taiwan's pro-independence pan-green political camp -- will seize this issue as a stick with which to beat President Chen.
12365- In turn, Lula adopted orthodox macroeconomic policies and moved to get the budget deficit under control, breaking the panic.
12366- Nowadays, instruments of mass destruction are smaller, cheaper, and more readily available.
12367- The "catalogue of fundamental rights" included in the Constitution is extensive, centering on respect for human dignity, freedom, and equality, and also on the principles of democracy and the rule of law.
12368- We are also taught by our ulamas (religious instructors) that their teachings must not be questioned.
12369- Cottages with TV satellite antennas may be seen, but they will be surrounded by straw, mud, chopped wood and the aromatic stench of livestock.
12370- Of course they were told that there was no intention of abandoning Britain's link to gold, and that the strong pound represented a deep and long commitment (in the same way that US Treasury Secretary John Snow today affirms the idea of a "strong dollar").
12371- Of course, the social consequences are deeply traumatic; witness Europe in the 1920s.
12372- Homophobia in Mexico
12373- Establishing a contact group of Iraq's neighbors to help set rules of the road for stabilization and containment will be an important step.
12374- With rising populations, economic growth, and climate change, we will face intensifying droughts, hurricanes and typhoons, powerful El Niño's, water stress, heat waves, species extinctions, and more.
12375- But New York and Los Angeles, the two most ethnically diverse cities in the US, are also America's leaders in business and in the arts.
12376- In the next two five-year periods, however, the number fell to 26, and in the most recent period (2000-2004), there were only 21.
12377- When Peruvians vote on April 9, after many years of poverty and inequality, it is likely that popular indignation will prevail.
12378- To further differentiate himself from the Kuomintang (the party that ruled Taiwan for most of the last half century) and its ally, the People's First Party, Chen has made the embodiment of local values, safeguarding Taiwan's sovereignty, and the "two state" theory the theme of his presidency.
12379- Now focus on the postcommunist states, where a new wave of treason trials seems about in the offing.
12380- But the election law does not require that every party take part in such events, so United Russia merely shrugged off the criticism.
12381- This story is almost completely wrong.
12382- In short, nuclear Iran would call Europe's fundamental security into question.
12383- Even those with close historical ties to France, like Romania, are standing up to France, because Chirac and his colleagues do not offer them the type of "European reflex" they want and need.
12384- Scotland has a parliament, Wales an assembly.
12385- Five hundred thousand years of experience in hunting and gathering, coupled with cheaper and faster molecular analysis, performed by faster and cheaper computers makes this task economically feasible.
12386- Sadly, nowadays, things as disparate as highly paid executives, the Enron and Parmalat scandals, contested mergers and acquisitions, stock market volatility, "junk bonds," and asset-price bubbles are all lumped together under the snide heading "cowboy capitalism."
12387- China Central Television (CCTV) alone has 12 channels (many broadcasting 24 hours a day), and employs about 3,000 people.
12388- The Irish are in the same position now.
12389- Holland does not have to sink into the North Sea before we do something about the world's climate; pensions do not have to decline to near-zero before social policies are adjusted.
12390- The pundits have now weighed in mightily in interpreting the American presidential election.
12391- A commitment to hold down nominal interest rates for a longer period of time should stimulate aggregate demand immediately.
12392- But until Congress forges an attractive political program, and acquires charisma beyond that inherited from the Nehru family, it seems condemned to opposition.
12393- Gutierrez's past as a fomenter of coups has linked him in the minds of many to Venezuela's Hugo Chavez, another former military officer who also authored a failed coup before becoming president.
12394- Rudi Dornbusch's death on July 25, at age 60, took a great economist and exceptional human being from us.
12395- In the decade after 1958, almost two thirds of overseas dollars were converted into gold.
12396- Of course, reforming and democratizing the Iraqi political system is not impossible. On the contrary, the Iraqis have suffered more than most and have learned the hard way the perils of authoritarianism and oppression.
12397- Still, it is a bold initiative that should be revived in view of Latin America's incipient arms race.
12398- Foreign investment is still viewed as desirable, but no one attaches primary importance to attracting it anymore.
12399- Social welfare systems are shaking as never before. Not only in Europe, but in parts of North and South America, and Asia as well.
12400- Two recent studies concluded that buckyballs could impair brain functions in fish and were highly toxic to human-tissue cultures.
12401- Yet these efforts have not been taken on a large scale and are not sufficient to stem the dramatic resurgence of TB caused by HIV/AIDS.
12402- As the occupation force in Iraq, the coalition has undertaken international obligations, under the fourth Geneva convention, to uphold security and the rule of law.
12403- Over the past 60 years, nuclear physics has been one obvious example of this truth.
12404- Over one billion people struggle each day for mere survival, and many do not succeed.
12405- At stake is nothing less than Russia's frail democracy.
12406- Bush has been traveling the country promoting a plan to introduce personal retirement accounts invested in stocks and bonds.
12407- But the United Nations and national governments spend billions of dollars each year trying to help those in need without explicitly considering whether they are achieving the most that they can.
12408- In Afghanistan, eight million voters, 40% of them women, chose their first democratically elected President in 5,000 years.
12409- Intelligence reports suggest that Hamas is smuggling weapons and explosives from the Sinai into the Gaza Strip at an accelerated pace.
12410- Today everyone deals with life and hardship individually (a new word in our everyday vocabulary) regardless of any Kremlin desire to make life uniform.
12411- Evo counters that Tuto is too linked to Bolivia's corrupt political establishment -- one of the most dishonest in the world according to the watchdog group Transparency International -- to do much for Bolivia's two-thirds Indian majority.
12412- But, having debunked the vampire myth, Western intellectuals proceeded to refashion it.
12413- During the past several decades, these ecosystems have been damaged and reduced in most countries along the Indian Ocean.
12414- In part, this reflects political hedging by the MILF in the face of Manila's incapacity to make meaningful concessions.
12415- For example, most US recessions since 1945 were caused by the Fed stepping on the brakes too hard.
12416- With democracy in most of the region still a long way off -- indeed, perhaps a more distant prospect now than five years ago -- US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice repeats her mantra that the dead civilians of Beirut, Sidon, Tyre, and Gaza represent the "birth pangs" of a new Middle East.
12417- As an American ally for 51 years, and as East Asia's third-largest economy, South Korea is entitled to be fully consulted on such decisions.
12418- The ex-minister's charge is disingenuous.
12419- No matter how hard they try, there exists no simple or immediate solution to Iran's endemic economic corruption and mismanagement.
12420- In the hushed room, the senior German minister continued: he himself was born in Eastern Europe, and his family was expelled in the post-1945 anti-German atmosphere. ``But,'' he added, ``neither I nor any of my colleagues claim the right to go back.
12421- But, can we wait?
12422- Latin America's debt crisis in 1982 was blamed on large fiscal deficits and excessive public-sector borrowing, leading to an ambitious reform agenda to downsize government.
12423- Intense and long suffering, Argentines know how to create universal heroes like Eva Perón and Ché Guevara.
12424- In fact, a majority of Mexican immigrants already in the US don't know exactly how to respond to Bush's proposal, and Vicente Fox will have to listen to them, too, if he wants to speak in their name.
12425- There has also been administrative action against a few religious institutions for encroaching on public space - practically unheard of since official patronage of religious parties began in the 1970's, when their cadres were needed in the war against the Soviets.
12426- China follows the power game within the EU through its French friends, and therefore knows which governments need to be whipped into line.
12427- How did it come about that the third power is by no means ``the weakest'' nowadays?
12428- Is it not meaningless to insist on a cordon sanitaire at a time when hundreds of transcontinental missiles could destroy Moscow from Nevada, or New York from the Urals, in a matter of minutes?
12429- Taylor's warmongering also paved the way for military coups in Sierra Leone and The Gambia.
12430- Lithuania passed that test; I am confident that Viktor Yushchenko and his team will do so as well.
12431- A vital distinction between market economies is the degree to which ownership of large firms is separate from a firm's day-to-day management.
12432- Obviously, we are more suited for this role than, say Poland, which is also trying to play it.
12433- There is still some use to be had from the old vehicle: it leads some 6000 troops in Afghanistan, assures a fragile security in Kosovo, and may, as was decided by NATO in June, be helpful in training Iraqi forces.
12434- That is not a future that any of us should approve.
12435- Following this, they will identify which problems might be solved if this new science is developed.
12436- Nonetheless, the totalitarian experience remains incomparable in its pathology, in its masks and mendacity.
12437- African farmers should wonder how it could be Bush--not some left-wing Democrat--who reversed the archconservative Newt Gingrich's proudest achievement: the partial reform of agricultural subsidies.
12438- Either way, no regional unity on politics and security has arisen.
12439- Instead of stating that they understand that Israeli must defend itself, the Bush administration should take an unambiguous stand against Israel's assassinations and collective punishments, which now include uprooting decades-old olive trees and destroying eight story buildings.
12440- He will have time to do so, because no new proposal is likely to be launched in a US presidential election year.
12441- Difficult problems of institutional design compound the difficulty of reforming social-welfare programs.
12442- In each case, it is expected that a well-financed relief effort will descend from a wealthier region.
12443- The policies that transformed in China over the last two decades are unlikely to work in North Korea.
12444- Witness the government of Francois Mitterrand in France.
12445- The first part is purely face-saving: both parties must simply declare their good will.
12446- By that logic, capitalism and Islam are incompatible.
12447- Many of us fought against the apparent "restoration" of the old regime.
12448- In the reform period, this misreading of Marx morphed into an unrestrained pursuit of material gain devoid of morality.
12449- The availability of new technologies is a necessary, but by no means sufficient, condition to raise a country's standard of living, because there must also be companies that are able to make use of them. In the early 20th century, it took over twenty years for the electrical engine to transform the textile industry.
12450- The US seems to be tightening its diplomatic encirclement of North Korea with a view to shifting the nuclear discussion to the UN Security Council.
12451- Designed as a local symbol of mourning, these poles, with their sharply angled roofs, remind viewers either of a peasant cross or a human figure with hands raised in prayer.
12452- What is clear is that the recent elections in Iraq and Palestine, together with the swelling protests against Syria's distorting influence on Lebanon's democracy, have reinvigorated debate about political reform within Egypt.
12453- The silver lining here is that this failure may revive the realization that no country--not even mighty America--can devalue its way out of trouble.
12454- Former chief of staff and defense minister Shaul Mufaz provides the security expertise.
12455- In effect, the poor are aiding the rich.
12456- At other times, when democracies became enfeebled from within we have found ourselves in bad trouble.
12457- On the opening night, a senior German government minister, himself deeply involved in Middle Eastern affairs, addressed both subjects, displaying great sensitivity both to Israeli and Palestinian concerns.
12458- In many respects, the slow pace of the Islamic world's economic development has been a matter of choice.
12459- War would pose obvious and direct risks to shipping, notably shipping of oil from the Middle East.
12460- Yet for fiscal year 2004, the Bush Administration is committing $71 billion to Iraq and just $200 million for the Global Fund.
12461- It is now largely up to Thaksin himself. If he is enlightened enough to make amends with disaffected southerners and move beyond his vested interests in Myanmar, he retains a good shot at becoming Asia's next spokesman.
12462- Indeed, former Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Paul Volcker sees the US as so macroeconomically vulnerable as to be running a 75% chance of a full-fledged dollar crisis over the next several years.
12463- Sustained economic growth requires, everywhere, the accumulation of physical and human capital, as well as the acquisition of technological capabilities.
12464- Beyond Latin America, several Eastern European countries offer ready examples. In these states, regulatory and taxation issues now affect confidence more deeply and consistently than does political tension.
12465- An enormous "youth bulge" in the Arab world's demographic tables looms, with 45% of the population now under the age of 14, and the population as a whole set to double over the next quarter-century.
12466- At one level, Asian history has been dominated by rival elites from China, "Turkestan," India, Persia, "Arabia", Japan, and Java (to name but a few examples) who claimed to lead separate indigenous cultural entities.
12467- The support that you and your colleagues will get from Israelis and Arabs will depend on the resolve that you show in making serious progress in the peace process.
12468- The latter point, however, is where the current puzzles reside for psychiatric diagnosis as public policy.
12469- When an Albanian minister tried last year to raise the question of the duration of the OSCE's mission, the opposition leapt to the OSCE's defense.
12470- Only an imperial Russia, however, would dare reabsorb Ukraine.
12471- A balanced budget amendment to the US Constitution was rejected, as were attempts to change the Federal Reserve's charter, which mandates that it focus on employment and growth, as well as inflation.
12472- Putin's efforts to transform Russia into a major energy power and use energy as a tool of Russian foreign policy make the region all the more strategically significant.
12473- And the trade unions, whose power he has done so much to reduce, have been open in saying that they want a new party leader.
12474- The EU's political standards are high, but the fruits of cooperation are sweet.
12475- While the two countries together consume slightly less than half as much oil as the US, their consumption is increasing faster.
12476- Indeed, in September 2003, the three "reference" countries would have been Lithuania, Poland, and the Czech Republic, were they already members of the EU (they join in May).
12477- But technology spreads rapidly: the same Windows or SAP programs are available in all countries, including Europe.
12478- NATO's enlargement makes it crystal clear that no country in the new Europe can be regarded as part of another country's "zone."
12479- No so Pakistan's Islamists, however, whom Musharraf infuriated yet again last month, when he ordered his foreign minister to initiate the first official contact with Israel.
12480- The war is likely to proceed because the US can carry out the military phase of the war largely on its own, and because the Bush Administration has no easy way to back down from its military mobilization.
12481- "So what else is new?" you may ask -- and with good reason. The list of issues on which the Bush administration has failed to lead is a long one, and failure to take steps to diminish the risks of future financial catastrophe cannot rank very high.
12482- The short-term outlook is uncertain.
12483- To be funny in politics really means the ability to deliver feelings of satisfaction to the citizenry for their participation in the public realm.
12484- Despite the Bush campaign's efforts at spin control, the situation in Iraq is dire.
12485- The reality is that the global impact of agricultural liberalization in rich countries would be relatively small and highly uneven.
12486- But this need not mean that universities become thoroughly commercialized.
12487- For years, Ellwanger published anti-Semitic books, such as The Protocols of the Elders of Zion , as well as books of Holocaust denial, such as his own Jewish or German Holocaust: Behind the Lie of the Century .
12488- Eliminating the abuses that accompany capitalism and harnessing it for the benefit of society and human morals still needs to be tackled.
12489- Indeed, in coming years, other forces have much greater potential to consolidate power, with the siloviki used only as their praetorian guards.
12490- One can think of a number of reasons for the evisceration of parliaments.
12491- Claudia Samayoa, a Guatemalan political analyst, calls it "a blow against the victims, and against all those who have struggled in Guatemala for human rights and democracy".
12492- Meritocracy was Young's "1984."
12493- When this happens - and I say "when," not "if" - there are three possible political responses. One is to close borders to poor immigrants, eliminating any correlation between poverty and immigration.
12494- Early death evokes a beautiful destiny interrupted before its pinnacle - and hence before it tumbles into inevitable collapse.
12495- Even the gap between Greece and Albania, at three to one, was narrower than it is now.
12496- Their leadership will need to be informal, transparent, and inclusive.
12497- Until we know the answers to these questions, it seems premature to decide that we are witnessing the beginning of the end of variant CJD.
12498- Quite often in confrontational situations, people and politicians create a zero-sum game culture, which results in authoritarian and militaristic leadership.
12499- This would have happened even without Gorbachev.
12500- During a Franco-German-Russian summit in St. Petersburg, he explicitly refrained from criticizing the US and Britain. "I don't want to speak about the past," he emphasized, "we should think about how the military victory can be turned to help the entire region."
12501- In extreme cases, bank depositors fear for the safety of their deposits, and flee from the banks.
12502- · climate change may not be gradual.
12503- There is a role for governments, international organizations, corporations, universities, and journalists--from the US, but also from Europe and countries in Latin America, Asia, and Africa where democracy has taken root.
12504- That's a lesson other occupying international agencies should keep in mind.
12505- This exonerating hypothesis does not hold water.
12506- The navy is to shift its focus away from the anti-submarine warfare (ASW) capability of the Cold War era, creating a structure aimed at defending islands, monitoring and responding to ballistic missiles, and combating illegal spy ship activities.
12507- The 1981 PC was a break with IBM's previous business model, according to which it did not sell computers, but leased them.
12508- These include establishing a second-round run-off in presidential elections, so that Mexico's next president has a mandate supported by more than 50% of the voters.
12509- The saddest of the books on my office bookshelf is an old one published nearly a century ago: Norman Angell's The Great Illusion: A Study of the Relation of Military Power in Nations to Their Economic and Social Advantage , which tried to prove that military conquest was obsolete.
12510- Participants included: Robert McNamara, President Kennedy's Secretary of Defense; Theodore Sorensen, his close aid and speech writer; Ernest R. May, a professor of history at Harvard who has written a book about "The Kennedy Tapes"; and Graham Allison, a professor of political science at Harvard who, 30 years ago, wrote the classic study of the missile crisis "Essence of Decision."
12511- I would have hoped that these people had learned from Schumann and Monnet what really matters for Europe and its future; sadly, this does not seem to be the case.
12512- So let France and Germany enjoy their celebration in Versailles.
12513- Such a softening of the church's position was probably the result of the public outcry in Russia's liberal press.
12514- For example, patients with delusions of control report that their movements are alien; they feel as if they were being made by someone else.
12515- In Africa, this will not be possible until a new breed of genuinely public-spirited leaders emerges.
12516- Because we both believe in power, it is easy for the two of us to understand each other.
12517- The fact that a week passed in which to scrutinize and reflect upon all the factors involved was critical to the outcome.
12518- Asia cannot afford to unite against the West.
12519- The costs of globalization, and the resentments that it generates, are too obvious.
12520- Economists differ on how best to meet these challenges. But the IMF's track record on diagnosing problems and prescribing solutions is not enviable.
12521- Europe is a peculiar combination of geography and history, but the boundaries of the EU -- and thus the prospects for its further enlargement -- are determined by its absorptive capacity and the adaptive abilities of candidate countries.
12522- NATO troops should be given the green light to help the Afghan army fight opium -- destroy the heroin labs, disband the opium bazaars, attack the opium convoys, and bring the big traders to justice.
12523- First the US tried to eliminate the Baathists, then America turned to them for help.
12524- I detect no slackening of resolve.
12525- Everybody may not get a chance to become rich in a capitalist system, but the system should not be perceived as rigged in ways that allow only insiders to get rich while everyone else pays the bill.
12526- Earlier this year, they staged partial, and tightly regulated municipal elections, with no independent opinion permitted to influence when and how the ballots were held.
12527- As soon as he was re-elected, Bush started to propose cuts in popular government programs, but his own party is rejecting those cuts.
12528- But the parallel development of science underpinned efforts to expose such "superstition."
12529- If we did not die, everything would lose meaning.
12530- Thus reigns the collectivist mentality that drives the unending feud between Jews and Palestinians.
12531- The problem is imminent in North America, the Euro Area, and Japan.
12532- Attacks on immigrants went into high gear in February, when the US Congress passed a bill that will make it illegal for any state to issue driver's licenses to undocumented workers.
12533- Each side, however, publicly insists that it has the legitimate claim to the entire state.
12534- If the poorest countries stay poor, their rates of population growth might fall much more slowly than the United Nations predicts.
12535- Cosmetic giant L'Oreal, Danone, Michelin and Club Mediterranee are but a few of the highly competitive companies that are more global than French.
12536- In a recent issue of the New Yorker magazine , Seymour Hersh documented the waning legitimacy of the Saudi royal family. The royals have lost the support of the conservative Islamic community and have even been declared infidel by some clerics.
12537- As they pass by, all spread out, one sees that some runners seem to be gaining rapidly.
12538- We are asked to choose between social solidarity and economic growth.
12539- The other was to squander the few positive legacies left from the Communist era.
12540- Over the course of a decade we did, perhaps, make ourselves more ill through our own actions, but now we are recovering.
12541- Indeed, the political imperative is as great as the constitutional one.
12542- Greece was a country that, for two decades, had lived off transfers from Brussels, squandering the money with high wages for public sector employees in an economy with low growth and high inflation. It took less than two years for the threat of exclusion to force a complete reversal in the policies of the Athens government.
12543- Thus it is vitally important that Germany has made this a central issue for its EU presidency, which is just beginning.
12544- Those responsible for such economic mismanagement should be held accountable.
12545- Latin America's economies are organized in a way that concentrates wealth in a few hands, but then leaves it untaxed, depriving governments of the resources needed to invest in their citizens' human capital.
12546- If nothing else happens, the chief transatlantic partners will be no better prepared for the next crisis than they were for the last.
12547- Like other countries, US should occasionally use unilateral tactics.
12548- Everyone I meet claims to love trees &#45;&#45; I mean really love trees &#45;&#45; yet collectively the human race behaves as if it abhors green things.
12549- It is because football allows for symbolically limited confrontations, with no major political risks, that it is useful.
12550- We are a normal country with an abnormal history.
12551- The second source of the transatlantic divide in attitudes toward fundamental issues like inequality has to do with racial bias.
12552- Indeed, last week Ukraine's parliament ratified a treaty creating "a single economic space" with Russia.
12553- The numbers and causes of neonatal deaths, the capacity of the health system, and the obstacles faced differ between and within countries, as does support from policymakers and the availability of resources.
12554- Higher sea-surface temperatures translate into more powerful storms in the world's oceans.
12555- Congress and the press should have checked the president.
12556- The union of power and money in today's China originates from the steady inflation of bureaucracy.
12557- Death is, of course, a foreseeable consequence of avoiding that burden, but it is a byproduct that is not directly intended.
12558- This second anti-Stalinist campaign lasted two years, which was not nearly enough to change the country's mentality.
12559- - resist the temptation of mission creep: the IMF is widening its focus to poverty issues, corruption issues, environment issues, governance issues.
12560- The "symptoms" include fidgeting, losing things, talking excessively, and difficulty playing quietly or taking turns.
12561- For some immigrants, the Bush proposal offers the possibility of stepping out of the shadows into legal jobs, for others it represents the possibility of legalization today but deportation from the US tomorrow.
12562- But this method omits much of what has been learned about genomic evolution in the last quarter-century.�Mutational processes are far more complex than was thought a few decades ago; with strand slippage, duplication, transposition, and illegitimate recombination producing qualitative differences between closely-related genomes.
12563- How was it that a few oligarchs could bleed Russia of billions of dollars through state-give aways of assets under privatization schemes encouraged by the IMF, but there was not enough money to pay miserly pensions to the aged?
12564- It is the Geneva Conventions and the First Additional Protocol that create the greatest difficulties for the Bush administration.
12565- These campaigns, encouraged by Palestinian groups and non-governmental organizations, have been accompanied by individual acts of professional ostracism, and an informal boycott of Israeli scholars, publications, and cultural projects already exists in some European circles.
12566- At the time of the Gulf War of 1991, US defense spending was 4.8% of GDP; it was far higher in the 1950s and 1960s.
12567- The bulk of Phelps's current work consists of a new reworking of structuralist theory, in an effort to show how changes in interest rates and asset prices affect the equilibrium unemployment rate over the medium term.
12568- For a long time, these two issues seemed to be at odds.
12569- Some of these, based on newly opened archival material, are critical.
12570- But, in yet another sign of Chile's transformation, the right-wing candidate that Bachelet defeated, Sebastián Piñera, is a liberal entrepreneur who has never hidden his rejection of Pinochet and his dictatorship.
12571- Today, many emerging markets, from Indonesia to Mexico, are told that there is a certain code of conduct to which they must conform if they are to be successful.
12572- But the rise of Bismarck's Germany at the end of the nineteenth century was also peaceful -- for a while.
12573- The US could easily afford to do more.
12574- It is impossible to change radically the way scholars and research workers are appointed in most member states, and to revise completely the criteria for funding of faculties and laboratories.
12575- As long as it remains possible to remove those in power by peaceful means, such as elections, the translation of relative majorities into strong governments is preferable to weak coalitions with numerical majorities.
12576- The role of business is palpable on both sides.
12577- Of the policies that will determine his future role in the region, the Asia Cooperation Dialogue and Economic Cooperation Strategy stand out.
12578- Of all the crisis regions in the world today, instability in Iraq constitutes the greatest challenge to international order.
12579- The second force is the right centrist party headed by former prime minister Viktor Yushchenko, who was a reform-minded prime minister.
12580- But widespread sharing is not always needed or appropriate.
12581- There are again two reasons for this.
12582- The Joint Operating Agreement guiding the venture, in which the Nigerian government has 55% equity, stipulates that while all parties share in the cost of operations, Shell prepares the annual work programs and budget.
12583- The truth is, however, that the US and the EU are rapidly evolving along their own paths: both sides of the Atlantic thus face the challenge of managing an ever more complex relationship.
12584- Yet North America has failed to match Europe in building the political structures necessary to focus the hemisphere on the problems of immigration, cross border security, labor rights, and environmental degradation; or in facilitating a more united approach to strong economic competition from Europe and Asia.
12585- But it is much easier for them to adopt a low profile, get the "Brussels bureaucrats" to do it, and then blame those Brussels officials, indeed the EU, for any and all of the pain.
12586- President Bush's military action in Afghanistan was largely unilateral, but was carried out against a backdrop of support from NATO allies and UN resolutions.
12587- Countries must cope with those shocks - adjustments in exchange rates are part of the coping mechanism.
12588- Indeed, no country, declared Lee, would take a different line.
12589- This is true, but it provides little solace for the potential losers.
12590- Indeed, it is already creating tensions.
12591- A New Science
12592- Recipients numbered over 20 million as of early 2004, when 15 billion yuan was budgeted for the program (with the central government contributing a full 60%). These programs are noticed at the grassroots, with the indigent feeling grateful for them.
12593- Consider Italy, where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi replaced Mario Monti, the Commission's most successful and effective member, with a politician enmeshed in the arcane games of Italian party politics.
12594- America has many people who do not set up 401(k) accounts, despite enormous incentives to do so.
12595- This is, undoubtedly, a difficult demand to make of politicians, particularly given the legacy of xenophobic politics in so many member states.
12596- Over 50% of Russia's population, including teachers, scientists, doctors, and military personnel, have seen their quality of life fall since communism's demise.
12597- Indeed, today's administration is far more effective than Boris Yeltsin's government during the 1990's.
12598- These successes, combined with the 1990's boom and the seeming durability of price stability, reinforced Greenspan's exalted status.
12599- Obviously, "doing well" and "doing badly" are clumsy notions; but we are talking about a referendum, not about higher mathematics.
12600- Palestinian suicide bombings and Israeli attacks against Palestinian leaders came with such speed and ferocity that determining who was striking first and who was counterattacking became impossible.
12601- Mexico's Labyrinth of Uncertainty
12602- The government proposes to equip these villages with the basic infrastructure and services they need to take off economically.
12603- The Duisenberg Legacy
12604- But can the political will for renewed reform be mustered in a government that is half liberal and half populist?
12605- When I ask them what they would think if their child was a little girl who liked to play baseball, enjoyed playing with boys and refused to play with dolls, they answer, "Oh, that would be fine.
12606- Norway may one day possibly seek to join, and that would pose no problems; it is conceivable that Switzerland may seek to join, and that too would not be a problem (except to the Swiss).
12607- European foreign ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran's nuclear program.
12608- Other moralists will say that the difference between destroying embryos for research purposes and killing civilians in military attacks is that the former is deliberate killing, whereas the latter deaths are "collateral damage" -- unintended, if foreseeable, side-effects of a justifiable act of war.
12609- India's population is now a little over one billion; it will almost certainly surpass 1.5 billion by mid-century, overtaking China's population along the way before it stops growing.
12610- But the way the authorities are handling the epidemic is having the opposite effect.
12611- "Not at all," Vasile answered, "we're at peace with our neighbours...our frontiers are secure.
12612- Watanabe laments the fact that after Japanese war criminals were tried by the Tokyo Tribunal of 1951, "No efforts were made in the name of Japan or the Japanese people to look into where responsibility for the war rested."
12613- Before long, the colonies were exporting wood to the many nations that no longer had the timber they needed for ships, casks, shingles, and other construction materials.
12614- When asked, "What does the EU mean to you personally," 50% of citizens in the 15 countries that were EU members before enlargement in May 2004 say "the euro" -- the second most common response (just behind "the ability to travel, study, and work anywhere in the EU").
12615- Its transport costs are among the highest in the world, reflecting mountainous terrain and international trade routes that must cross political boundaries and depend on foreign ports.
12616- In particular, the monitoring committees on genetic technology that nations develop must be taken on board by the world of sport.
12617- Political leaders across the globe have made a series of public commitments to address the deadly double impact of TB and HIV/AIDS.
12618- In this manner, the reformists reject an Islamic monopoly on salvation, paradise, or the truth.
12619- Whispered rumors of daily interference from management were only confirmed in private.
12620- First, international pressure, led by the US, China, Russia, and Japan was not enough to prevent North Korea from taking this fateful step.
12621- Some people ascribe the global collapse of reform efforts to a peculiarly ineffective collection of leaders.
12622- In France and Spain there are small but effective (and sometimes violent) regional movements.
12623- Stories of corporate malfeasance do, of course, abound in the US.
12624- The more fundamental problem with the euro is that its adoption has not pushed countries to address these underlying deficiencies.
12625- Argentina: Stuck in a Time Warp
12626- I beg to differ; my reading of the evidence suggests that donors really do need to take extreme care not to make things worse, and that this is far more difficult to achieve in corrupt countries than the UN suggests.
12627- I lean slightly toward the optimistic scenario, but investors and policymakers alike need to understand the ramifications of a return to more normal volatility levels.
12628- Complex definitions with built-in exceptions may make lawyers uncomfortable, but in the real world, they are perhaps the best we can devise.
12629- So some then gave the grain to old grandfathers and grandmothers, who also didn't drop dead instantly.
12630- That is precisely what makes it a passion: it is amoral and follows its own laws, which is why society insists on taming it in various ways.
12631- Led by Papua New Guinea and Costa Rica, a group of developing countries, a new rainforest coalition has now come forward with an innovative proposal, not only offering to commit to greenhouse-gas limits, but also showing how this can be done in a way that will promote their development.
12632- When the world was divided into two camps during the Cold War, deciding who was an enemy and who a friend seemed easy.
12633- Holland has played by the stability pact rules but, so far, the big countries -- France, Italy and Germany-- have been getting a free pass from the responsible authorities.
12634- Many EU leaders see newfound respect coming in the form of a "strategic partnership" with China that is designed to balance the power of the United States.
12635- Yet everyone thinks that the country's independence will be lost in an instant when farms can be sold to other Europeans, a condition of EU membership.
12636- When every offense has an associated penalty, transgressions cease to be moral violations, but are simply a way for wrongdoers to effectively "use the system" while facing some risk of getting caught and paying a fine.
12637- When Baghdad fell, the oil ministry was quickly protected, while museums and hospitals were allowed to be looted.
12638- Although Latin American and Chinese exports to the US have both grown significantly since 1990, China replaced Mexico in 2003 as the second-leading exporter to the US in value terms after Canada.
12639- There is no credible intelligence penetration of these organizations.
12640- Continuing budget deficits have visibly failed to deliver what die-hard Keynesians had promised.
12641- A high turnout in favor of pro-democracy candidates is expected, although this won't guarantee them a majority in the legislature because of Hong Kong's unusual political structure.
12642- Once we recognize the problem, solutions can be found.
12643- Even when he could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator, Argentines wanted him to assume his role in their dark ritual: "Show us a good time, bring our hearts some fun."
12644- Output fell and unemployment increased dramatically.
12645- Deregulating product markets has an additional benefit: it facilitates liberalization of the labor market. Evidence gathered by the OECD shows a strong positive correlation across countries between the degree of competition in the product market and the extent to which labor market regulations increase the powers of workers when they bargain with firms.
12646- Two factors point to a possible turning of the tide.
12647- If the state of primary education is this bad, will the disadvantaged classes ever stand a chance?
12648- The G-8 process, which Italy chairs this year, will test such resolve - on which rests the legitimacy of the entire process.
12649- One exception is geographical: Western and Central Europe have indeed experienced a significant decline of religion, which has become an important ingredient of European cultural identity.
12650- The direct participation of broad segments of Venezuelan society is very different from the traditional methods employed to overthrow governments in our region.
12651- Two new councils, each with comparable power to the Security Council, are needed: a Social Council and an Economic Council.
12652- Development Aid for Development's Sake
12653- This president is very much in charge.
12654- Putin's vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US.
12655- To fail would risk igniting a severe political backlash, including a spontaneous escalation of anti-regime activities.
12656- The international community will not accept this form of massive preventive detention, with continuing allegations of abuse and torture.
12657- Argentina is stuck in a time warp.
12658- Instead, acknowledging Stalin is a way for Russians to recall a time of great deeds and perhaps even greater sacrifices.
12659- In fact, the Jews are, of course, not a race, but then neither are whites, blacks, mulattos, Indians, gypsies, Arabs, or any other subgroup of human beings.
12660- On July 1, 2001, at the celebration of the 80th anniversary of the Chinese Communist Party, Mr. Zhu assessed his progress.
12661- Today's Islamic revival shares the dogmatism, communitarianism, and scripturalism of American evangelist movements: both reject culture, philosophy, and even theology to favor a literalist reading of sacred texts and an immediate understanding of truth through individual faith.
12662- Pegged exchange rates clearly have been essential to East Asia's economic takeoff, for they work well with the region's export-oriented development model. But the effectiveness of a fixed exchange rate is determined by how developments in the export sector influence domestic industries and the national economy as a whole.
12663- Geographical isolation is even more extreme if the country is landlocked, like Bolivia, Afghanistan, Ethiopia, or Burkina Faso.
12664- The proposed constitution will contain a Charter of Fundamental Rights, which is intended to enhance the political and moral legitimacy of the EU.
12665- How is it that people with little or no medical explanation for a persistent pain become partially or totally disabled by it, even with extensive and resourceful treatment?
12666- But any 2008 Presidential candidate that dares to talk about making sacrifices now for a safer environment later will really be sticking his neck out.
12667- A Rosales presidency will end Venezuela's isolation by a cabal of radicals and encourage domestic and foreign direct investment in the country.
12668- He ridiculed today's conditions as "stock market-defined liberty."
12669- Thus, China bashing primarily means pressure to revalue the yuan.
12670- The prosecution in the Czech Republic of two 78 year old men (Milos Jakes, and Jozef Lenart), both veterans of the Soviet invasion of 1968, and the four-year-long trial in Vladivostok of Grigory Pasko, a Russian naval officer, suggest the earliest stages of a cycle where injured states respond to perceptions of betrayal with charges of treason.
12671- Estimates of the government's growing aggregate liabilities (bank debt, un-funded pension plans, bonded indebtedness for infrastructural projects, etc.) range from 70% to over 150% of GDP.
12672- The per capita income of the new countries is less than half of that of the fifteen members they are joining.
12673- Moreover, Blanchard fails to note that the preference for leisure is not gender-neutral.
12674- -1.4
12675- By contrast, Muslims fatally weakened their ability to defend themselves by neglecting, even rejecting, the study of allegedly secular science and mathematics, and this myopia remains a fundamental source of the oppression suffered by Muslims today.
12676- Had she been politically active during the Nazi times, Merkel would have landed in a concentration camp.
12677- Libya has gone from being a nation that sponsored terrorists, and secretly sought nuclear capability, to one that renounced its illegal weapons programs, and now says it is ready to re-enter the community of civilized nations.
12678- The euro will stay at around 90% of the dollar and may not even pay a weekend visit at parity.
12679- Third, the agreement on Trade Related Investment Measures (TRIMs) should be renegotiated to allow some support for home grown small and medium enterprises.
12680- They can learn hundreds of signs, and put them together in sentences that obey grammatical rules.
12681- Castro can deny their simple truths like a Cuban King Lear, but Rivero and others persist.
12682- That diplomatic tradition has never simply been about "do-goodism" and checkbook contributions to peacekeeping missions around the world. It was about creating and transferring stability through the strengthening of international governance and supranational structures.
12683- These traumas required responses very different from previous technological changes.
12684- The hard question for other countries is how to do this.
12685- Moreover, unlike Pope John Paul II, who, as a Pole, always saw communist Russia as an oppressor, Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the country's Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia.
12686- Thus, the general who yearned to see his picture in Chilean history books next to that of our liberator, Bernardo O'Higgins, must now resign himself to dying abandoned even by those who, until only two years ago, revered and honored him.
12687- If taken to extremes, Russian society's response to its wrenching modernization could degenerate into a nationalist revolution led by xenophobes.
12688- But how much power they really wield in the G7 is debatable: America's President, Secretaries of State and Treasury, and the Chairman of the US Federal Reserve almost certainly get their way more easily in a large, unwieldy group than they would in a smaller meeting where Europe spoke with a single voice.
12689- An ambitious Financial Services Action Plan - launched in 1999 to bring about a single European wholesale market, open and secure retail markets, and state-of-the-art prudential rules and supervision - envisaged 42 measures to be implemented by 2003-2005.
12690- Consider the Korean scientist Hwang Woo-suk, whose claim to have extracted stem cells from human embryos that he cloned turned out to be based on phony research.
12691- Life expectancy might well be only 80 years by mid-century -- about where it is now in advanced countries -- if medical progress is disappointing or is offset by new threats or hazards.
12692- Insufficient harmonization, however, has often allowed member states to erect barriers to competition, which can only be removed by consistent implementation of laws and standards.
12693- A French doctor performs a face transplant without the benefit of the usual research that would accompany such a high-risk procedure.
12694- Some observers attribute the current "high" level of the Euro (and thus low growth in Europe) to tight monetary policy on the part of the European Central Bank (ECB).
12695- Perhaps not.
12696- Within the Arab world, moderate and liberal groups are losing ground to radical Islamic movements.
12697- To be sure, Africa is a far better place to do business than five years ago.
12698- Several large government-funded trials are ongoing, and it is hoped that these will improve the scientific basis for decision-making within the next few years.
12699- This will give Russia a unique opportunity to step into the international business arena by providing some of the technologies involved, rather than just the usual raw materials.
12700- The People's Bank of China and the Bank of Japan -- as well as other central banks in Asia -- are in trouble.
12701- This deep-seated suspicion of international exploitation fuels a predator/victim perspective that focuses blame on the outside world.
12702- Yet Syria has one redeeming feature: it is a secular country that traditionally recoils from Islamic fundamentalism.
12703- Indeed, in many countries, exaggerated fears of deflation are keeping interest rates depressed and the cost of capital at historic lows.
12704- At the opposite extreme, the gloating by US neo-conservatives should be tempered by a clear consideration of America's interests.
12705- America's leaders believed that the US would be welcomed as liberators.
12706- Both research teams rate Albania, Bangladesh, the Gambia, Malaysia, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Pakistan, and Turkey as meeting the three-year criterion, with all but Albania and Niger meeting the five-year criterion.
12707- Taking strong measures will be in their interests, will be in America's interest (even if it is not in the interests of particular special interests, or President Bush's political interests), and will be in the broader interests of the world.
12708- Globalization exposes a country to enormous shocks.
12709- The idea that a sharp increase in military spending in a (hopefully temporarily) bellicose world should be amortized with some deficits is consistent with sound economic policy, but only if the rest of the budget remains "lean."
12710- After WWII, Communists became civilization's nemesis. Now terrorists have become the designated masters of malevolence.
12711- The fear of being left out of the euro did the rest, by creating a political consensus in favor of taking the right and necessary steps.
12712- Their goals of re-creating some 7th century caliphate or, in the case of Iraq, restoring Sunni domination are unlikely to be satisfied by free men and women openly choosing their political system and leadership.
12713- Black Friday in the United States traditionally is the day after Thanksgiving that signals the start of the holiday season sale.
12714- What, then, does Buffett's life tell us about the nature of happiness?
12715- But investors should be wary of this argument.
12716- The global configuration of America's military is also changing.
12717- To compete on a level playing field would force these countries to subsidize their farmers, diverting scarce funds that are needed for education, health, and infrastructure.
12718- Only military action will do.
12719- Why?
12720- But the world needs to act now to generate the political will and financial resources needed to save the lives of up to three million babies who die each year simply because they are born without the basic care that is their right.
12721- In July, the full Codex membership approved various procedures and requirements that are more appropriate to potentially dangerous prescription drugs or pesticides than to GM tomatoes, potatoes, and strawberries.
12722- At the same time, Iran has effective means of retaliation.
12723- A victory for Humala would seem to confirm the waning appeal of the neo-liberal policies that have dominated the continent since the 1980's.
12724- The comparison here is to the Cold War period.
12725- For a while this created a seemingly more stable banking system, but that system failed to lend to small and medium sized firms.
12726- Both are marked by a defiant nationalism, and both feel irresistible, all the more so because they sense that the United States is in decline as a result of the quagmire in Iraq, if not in Afghanistan as well.
12727- When their absorptive capacities are reached, natural systems are liable to collapse into unproductive states.
12728- Networks of local practitioners, non-governmental organizations and politicians are collaborating to confront the issue of female genital mutilation at a national level and to publicize it.
12729- To the Germans, the Chinese probably murmur something about Siemens and Volkswagen. To the Dutch their whispers are most likely about Philips.
12730- I believe that Huntington is wrong on both counts.
12731- And so it is with many different goods and services that people consume.
12732- "It's hard to explain how I felt when I went there.
12733- In such circumstances, law is useless.
12734- The majority Shia and their Kurdish allies rejected Bush's plea to Iraqi politicians to modify the new draft constitution to attract disgruntled Sunni Arabs.
12735- Such a posture would be self-defeating, because it would reinforce the division of the international community that the Bush administration has initiated.
12736- At the earliest opportunity, Nigeria's government should convene a conference of all national and regional leaders and secure agreement on a constitutional provision whereby each household would be guaranteed a share of oil revenues, with the amount determined by prevailing prices and quotas.
12737- As America's current Secretary of Defense, it is clear to me that the transatlantic partnership is as relevant and essential as ever.
12738- Argentina's debt problems may weaken the dollar a little and Turkey's difficulties may hurt the Euro. Both issues, however, will only effect those currencies at the margins.
12739- Under Rosales, Venezuela's relations with its biggest trading partner, the United States, would also be re-established in a climate of mutual respect.
12740- By agreeing to significant compromises, the leaders of some new member states were, among other things, trying to show that rekindling strong national egoism in Europe is a dangerous, if not uncontrollable, game.
12741- A successful Doha Round would thus complement the international collaborative efforts underway, with IMF involvement, to tackle external imbalances among the major economies.
12742- Our children are labeled, too.
12743- The new electoral system changes the politicians' incentives, and could induce a return to shifting coalitions and unstable governments.
12744- The US and Britain have begun to tout this message.
12745- But given the lack of criticism of Mugabe's misrule, some critics wonder, justifiably, whether the review process will ever tackle Africa's most egregious blights--misbegotten leadership and corruption.
12746- About 9,000 people were shot at Sandarmokh between 1937-1938.
12747- For those who have, however, this policy has nipped discontent in the bud.
12748- The King proposes, they discuss.
12749- Of course, a new government may not emerge at all.
12750- On April 16 Illicit Drug Trends , new markets for narcotics are expanding faster than old ones are being shut down.
12751- But a lack of accurate information has equally, if not more, severe consequences for political processes.
12752- This will inevitably lead to charges of "proselytizing," a term that has come to carry a pejorative meaning.
12753- The MHRA was not alone in being concerned about pediatric trials.
12754- Repeating mantras about territorial integrity--the conventional wisdom of international relations--is productive only as long as it ensures stability and averts chaos.
12755- One must doubt whether it contributed anything to making democracy more acceptable after WWII.
12756- Another source is investors who feared losing their money after the various emerging market meltdowns of the 1990's, techno-enthusiasts chasing the pot of gold that the American technology boom seemed to offer, and the third-world rich, who think a Deutsche Bank account is good to have in case they need to flee their countries in a Lear jet or a rubber boat.
12757- Is Dialogue with Iran and Syria Worth It?
12758- As a result, in one of the world's richest countries, unemployment is rising.
12759- -2.4
12760- In the end, there is no foolproof method to guarantee that political leaders leave without tears.
12761- I believe that every member state should administer those policies that do not directly and significantly affect other member states.
12762- Today, Germany has joined France in neglecting the smaller members for the sake of being recognized as one of the big boys.
12763- He also instigated many violent incidents in Serbian internal politics.
12764- The doctrine of preventive defense has deep roots in Japan, and it is a dangerous doctrine if there is a political vacuum for the country's militarists to fill.
12765- The Bush administration is now left in an embarrassing position.
12766- Anti-Semites often cite a passage in Matthew in which a Jewish crowd cheers for Christ's execution and voluntarily accepts permanent guilt: "His blood be on us and on our children."
12767- Indeed, at its institutional core, the UN is an inter-governmental body whose officials, from the most junior staffer to the Secretary General, serve at the pleasure of its member states -- above all, its powerful member states.
12768- British policy turned India into a pioneer of Third World industrialization, with an economy increasingly based on domestic capital and entrepreneurship combined with imported technology.
12769- Iraq, Katrina, Iraq
12770- Most academic economics rely on concepts laid down at the beginning of the twentieth century by the British economist Alfred Marshall, who said that "nature does not make leaps."
12771- The next government would likely be anti-UN, anti-western, anti-American, and anti-secular--and form its political and strategic alliances accordingly.
12772- Or to vote with their feet, as in Mexico, where one of every five men between the age of 26 and 35 lives in the United States.
12773- Reports about the tsunamis that devastated Southeast Asia barely a month ago have understandably been dominated by tales of death, suffering, and the physical destruction of infrastructure.
12774- From the outset, the Defense Ministry was skeptical of Putin's order to include anti-terrorism on the military agenda.
12775- Planners should take advantage of the country's decentralized nature and emphasize private sector participation in reconstruction.
12776- In October 1993, the killing by members of the army of Melchior Ndadaye, the first civilian, Hutu, non-Bururi, and democratically elected president provoked a bloody reaction by the Hutu.
12777- Yet myth-making was not absent on the night of her victory.
12778- First, it must be small, with no more than, say, ten seats.
12779- It would also offend against Europe's political commitment to a tolerant, multicultural society.
12780- Behind the all-too-foreseeable end of the American stabilizing mission lurks a civil war in Iraq, which threatens to turn into an Arab-Iranian proxy war for dominance in Iraq, the Gulf, Lebanon, the Palestinian territories, and beyond.
12781- Union leaders must study finance rather than condemn it as evil.
12782- One favorite trick was to create enormous obstacles to even minimal attempts at cracking down on war criminals.
12783- The US, having flouted international justice by disregarding the Geneva Conventions at Guantanamo, would make matters worse by reverting to a system in which military victors doff their uniforms and attire themselves in judicial robes.
12784- In his recent US Senate testimony, Rumsfeld claimed that the military police at Abu Ghraib were instructed to abide by the Geneva conventions.
12785- Indeed, IMF credit will do little to address the key economic issues, except to the extent that it frees up money from other international sources and those funds are used to reactivate the economy.
12786- Most importantly, the US and Europe must learn how to disagree.
12787- This is not the only way forward.
12788- Then, for some unknown reason, it could make its assistance to Africa conditional on fraternal ties with the worst African dictators.
12789- Karl Marx was not wholly wrong when he wrote that the most industrialized countries are mirrors in which the rest of the world can see its own future.
12790- If they want to defend the incomes of the unskilled (or the less motivated), they have four options.
12791- Even in an enlarged Union, only France and Germany can do that job, provided they make a determined effort to regain the trust of the other, mostly smaller members, old and new.
12792- We are more sympathetic to the second criticism.
12793- Indeed, national identities are mostly impoverishing abstractions, clichés, like race, class, and other ideological creations.
12794- Why shout that government should not intervene in markets, claiming that markets are efficient, yet intervene in currency markets?
12795- This hostility comes at the wrong moment in time, with Europe engaged in ambitious and difficult constitutional reforms.
12796- These differences are extraordinary, particularly in view of the far less generous maternity leave policies that apply in the US and the UK relative to continental Europe.
12797- Thus, only the tumor cells will have a non-functional recombination pathway and rely completely on PARP to repair single-strand breaks before copying the DNA.
12798- Should, for instance, the early stages of Alzheimer's disease qualify?
12799- In behaving this way, the IMF rode roughshod over basic economic and ethical principles.
12800- More of this awaits.
12801- Yet it is deceptive to conclude from this that growth raises the incomes of the poor ".. by about as much as it raises the incomes of everybody else."
12802- Polls show that an overwhelming majority of Sandinista voters prefers the former Managua mayor -- 72% versus 18% for Ortega.
12803- This turned out to be an impossible mission.
12804- Two very different efforts at "nation building" are galvanizing world attention: America's struggle to construct a viable polity in Iraq and the EU's ambitious project of making Europe into a true "Union."
12805- If global development is at risk, then so is the final defeat of Malthus.
12806- With the AIDS epidemic, Brazil faces challenges to its health system, and while one may agree or disagree with the particular approaches taken by the Brazilian government, this much is clear: everyone recognizes that this is a major responsibility of government.
12807- In educational policy, however, to impose the same system on all members would not create economies of scale.
12808- American soft power will never attract Osama bin Laden and the extremists.
12809- In fact, EU regulations demand that pigs be raised and killed as humanely as possible, in order to make them suffer as little as possible.
12810- Palestinian Prime Minister Abu Mazen has called on Palestinian extremists to disarm, or at least to accept a prolonged cease-fire, but they have responded with more terrorist attacks.
12811- Since April 15 of this year, the Golden Shield's advanced science and technology has been monitoring every thought and action of those Chinese people who use the Internet.
12812- In fact, US and British troops may have only themselves to blame.
12813- A fund that works like this sends a strong signal that the government is committed to sound long-term finance.
12814- This is vital because, in the past, when Romania's political elites enjoyed too much autonomy or real national sovereignty, they abused it.
12815- This question is important not only in transition economies and other emerging market countries, but in rich countries as well--in fact almost everywhere, except possibly the US and the UK, which long ago embarked on a process of radical and far-reaching economic liberalization.
12816- The 1970s embargo was evidently a defining moment in the strategic thinking of Messrs. Cheney and Rumsfeld.
12817- Today's UN, which entrusts the protection of fundamental human rights to countries that are themselves among the prime violators of these rights, is no longer acceptable.
12818- Traditionally, instead, foreign aid paid no attention to the virtues of the receiving countries and did not discriminate in favor of "good governments."
12819- On May 19, a group of Korean scientists published in the magazine Science the results of research that for the first time isolated human embryonic stem cell lines specifically tailored to match the DNA of male and female patients of various ages.
12820- -2.8
12821- Societal mechanisms simply cannot be adjusted without a crisp, practiced understanding of a culture.
12822- Then our plans went awry.
12823- The shell of what remains continues to challenge the company's fate, notably in a Houston, Texas courtroom.
12824- Above all, those who lead us today must create a genuinely new global order in which all peoples take part -- with dignity and an assurance of fairness.
12825- Seldom do the "chickens come home to roost" as quickly as they have in recent years -- an ill-conceived war, attempted on the cheap, has not brought peace to the Middle East.
12826- During the past decade, delegates to the UN-sponsored Convention on Biological Diversity negotiated a "bio-safety protocol" to regulate the international movement of GM organisms. It was based on the bogus "precautionary principle" which dictates that every new technology--including, in the case of GM, an improvement over less precise technologies--must be proven utterly safe before it can be used.
12827- But can the Islamists be trusted?
12828- Moments of defeat have always been history's turning points in Serbia.
12829- A new wave of deficits and exchange-rate instability would thus call into question the most fundamental and beneficial legacy of the 1990s: the major push for trade opening and liberalization.
12830- It was luxurious, but similar to a gulag with its high perimeter fences and guards.
12831- What stories are investors far from America now telling one another to justify continuing to add to their exposure to the risk of dollar depreciation?
12832- Two years ago, the silence was broken briefly by Ken Attafuah, who directs Ghana's truth and reconciliation commission, charged with investigating rights violations during two decades of dictatorships.
12833- Historically, the US has exercised enormous leadership in a world committed to the proposition that no state should dictate collective decisions.
12834- Merton did not say that the cosmopolitan influentials were influential outside Rovere -- apparently none of them was.
12835- What it needs is a political settlement, and that will be possible only with the withdrawal of America's occupying army.
12836- Government spending is now increasing by 4% annually because of a new "action rule," enacted in 2001, that allows revenue from the Petroleum Fund to be phased into the domestic economy.
12837- They ought to be persuaded - through a judicious mixture of carrots and sticks - that strengthening the rule of law and democratic institutions would work to their advantage.
12838- Though Kuwait is a monarchy, its parliamentary history has not been placid, and the election campaign reflected ongoing tensions between the royal family and segments of the electorate.
12839- Why have the large European economies failed to catch up with US income levels?
12840- Even in areas where the empirical record appears clear, closer analysis reveals major flaws.
12841- For example, British officials controlled Kenya's schools, taxes, laws and elections - not to mention its external relations.
12842- Possessing the wealth, he will have resources for expenditure.
12843- Nevertheless Germany, France, Italy, and Britain hold four of the seven seats at the G7 meetings.
12844- Bolivia's Indians have also used their eco-clout to convince the energy companies to bankroll their fight for a 750,000-acre homeland bordering Kempff.
12845- The director of a medium-size textile enterprise in Bangladesh admits without hesitation that 70% of his employees are between the ages of 13 and 17.
12846- Millions may have been made homeless.
12847- These investment failures have been great for Americans, who owe a lot less to foreigners than they would otherwise.
12848- Our political approach embraces this humane and realistic pragmatism, for it is only such an approach that offers a chance to secure a prosperous stability within which necessary change can be made without ending up in an extremist euphoria or a fear of the future.
12849- In the past few years, there has been a sea change in attitudes among African governments towards the importance of farming.
12850- Governing, however, will not be easier than winning office.
12851- How unfeeling will they come to be about the people who share their neighborhoods?
12852- No parents grieve for a lost embryo in the way that they would grieve over the death of a child.
12853- Rich countries, led by the US, are in charge.
12854- In reality, those figures are probably even worse, because illegalities are almost always underestimated.
12855- A similar picture, though on a smaller scale, exists in many European Union member countries that are home to Roma minorities.
12856- A solution is possible only if the outside world is prepared to police an agreement reached between the moderate majorities.
12857- His book led to the creation, in 1950, of the US National Science Foundation (NSF), a major factor underlying America scientific success.
12858- Last summer, I took an informal poll at a meeting of Wall Street investors to find out whether they would condone the use of torture to prevent a terrorist attack.
12859- Yet even moderation is dismissed by the al-Saud.
12860- The story since then is well known.
12861- Indeed, whatever the source of terrorism, its lethality is increasing.
12862- But if America succumbs to the unilateralist temptation too easily, it is likely to encounter the criticisms that the Bush Administration is now encountering.
12863- Billing itself as a reform government that would promote respect for human rights and the rule of law, the Kibaki government promised Kenyans a new constitution within 100 days of taking office in 2003.
12864- The new role the US envisages is closely tied to the profound destabilization brought about by the proliferation of incompetent states.
12865- High oil prices now seem to be the only factor allowing Putin to keep the reform charade going.
12866- Hijacking an airplane is relatively inexpensive.
12867- The guests that Faisal Qassem brought to the Doha studios (or via satellite) included people from the same Arab country or region but representing completely opposing points of view.
12868- The victorious coalition follows Ayatollah Ali Sistani, who can be described as a moderate Islamist, but many of its members are extreme.
12869- If you exclude the cosseted army of public-sector workers, the rate approaches 15%.
12870- The SCO provides China not only with a platform to confront the existing US-led alliance in the Asia-Pacific region, but is increasingly being used to prevent the formation of a US-led network to restrain China's advance.
12871- For Russia has legitimate and undeniable interests at stake.
12872- America, of course, is not alone among industrial nations that have seen productivity growth accelerate since the second half of the 1990's.
12873- The problem is more than budgetary.
12874- The poor countries argue that broader liberalization in the EU, the US, and Japan alone would yield benefits worth up to $142 billion by 2015.
12875- Failure to grow can be attributed to either (or both) of two pathologies.
12876- Such physical innovations go hand in hand with other initiatives that seek to redistribute the fruits of development.
12877- The Russian goes for free, the American pays a fee of $20 million.
12878- A Yes invigorates the axis; a No weakens it.
12879- Countries such as Moldova and Ukraine, ­whose natural export markets lie in EU countries, must be offered the same type of "reform for market access" bargains given to Poland and Hungary 15 years ago.
12880- Northern governors oppose a third term for Obasanjo because they believe it is now their turn to choose Nigeria's president under a deal, struck with their southern counterparts when democracy was introduced in 1999, for regional rotation of the presidency.
12881- The US should quietly try to nudge these steps forward.
12882- Kerry and Europe
12883- They are the social dividend, allocated by national parliaments, of real economic growth.
12884- Indeed, when a president volunteers to reduce the powers of his own office, you can be certain that he is up to no good.
12885- So it is no great surprise that Hamas rejected the Quartet's conditions.
12886- Consider "Green GDP."
12887- In retrospect, "national" terrorism in Africa was a form of warfare that must be judged within its political and moral context, and by its ultimate results.
12888- It is difficult to know what Dr. Khan meant when he said he had acted in "good faith."
12889- French workers put in an average of 46 hours per week through the early 1960s.
12890- No price is too high to achieve that end, so traditional threats about dividing Ukraine have been used.
12891- I estimate that in the US alone, there are more than twenty million subjects, half of whom represent drug trials. Worldwide, this number could exceed fifty million, with about half that number in drug studies.
12892- Even though GDP is artificially inflated, some useful activities are carried out.
12893- Another secret assault on civil liberties was Nixon's adoption of the "Huston Plan" which authorized political surveillance by burglary, electronic eavesdropping, and the use of the military to spy on civilians.
12894- Indeed, Connally called the dollar "our currency but your problem."
12895- But now that Europe's internal economic boundaries have been mostly removed, and the political objective has shifted to political unification, integration may no longer be so market-friendly.
12896- Pro-cyclical fiscal adjustment tends to encourage a short-term orientation towards economic policy, which limits long-term investments in infrastructure and human capital, thus constraining growth.
12897- Then, too, Muslim intellectuals focused on the "decadence" of Muslim societies, their debilitating political and social corruption.
12898- Paradoxically, because Putin's "strong" leadership incorporates liberals and even democrats so as to preserve a pro-Western façade, a truly liberal opposition cannot emerge.
12899- Today, with the world in recession, falling oil prices are a welcome offset to the slump. They add money to consumer's pockets and lower inflation, making central banks more willing to cut interest rates and stimulate demand.
12900- The Germans, as one quip puts it, will never forgive the Jews for Auschwitz.
12901- Deposit insurance was a response to banking crises of the type that plagued the United States until the 1930's.
12902- The US, for example, currently spends around $450 billion each year on its military, but less than $15 billion to help the world's poorest countries fight disease, educate their children, and protect the environment.
12903- Now, in the post-Arafat era, Palestinians must choose one of several strategies.
12904- Because African poverty contributed to the uncontrolled spread of AIDS, the combination of climate shocks and epidemic disease is devastating.
12905- Nor is it at all clear to what degree the Iraqis retain a stake in the idea of a united Iraqi state worth fighting for.
12906- It is difficult to see how NATO can succeed in stabilizing Afghanistan unless it is willing to commit more troops and give commanders more flexibility.
12907- The only country that with some, albeit very doubtful, success, introduced such economic devices was Salazar's Portugal.
12908- Reports of Vlad's cruel method - by no means unusual at the time - were already in circulation during his lifetime, and Corvinus probably gave his brutality a particularly bloodthirsty spin.
12909- According to Powell, ``If leaders on the continent do not do more to convince President Robert Mugabe to respect the rule of law and enter into a dialogue with the political opposition, he and his cronies will drag Zimbabwe down until there is nothing left to ruin.''
12910- Some of our participants reported having forgotten episodes of nonviolent sexual abuse perpetrated by a trusted adult.
12911- What evidence suggested that high interest rates, in economies burdened by short term debt, would help stabilize exchange rates?
12912- It is at moments such as these that we realize how thin a veneer our civilization may be.
12913- I say this as leader of the party which has been at the forefront of Britain's engagement with Europe.
12914- In its bilateral trade agreements, however, the US is demanding what is becoming known as "TRIPs plus," which would strengthen intellectual property rights further, to ensure that countries only have the right to produce inexpensive generic drugs during epidemics and other emergencies.
12915- More than 30,000 Cubans signed the Varela petition requesting a referendum on basic rights.
12916- I begin with the nature of the perceptual system: What were the circumstances in which it evolved?
12917- The 5% figure is grossly misleading, with surrounding areas taken or earmarked for expansion, roadways joining settlements with each other and to Jerusalem, and wide arterial swaths providing water, sewage, electricity, and communications.
12918- Europe, America, and the wider world must see Putin's so-called "managed democracy" in its true light, and must stand united against his neo-imperialist dreams.
12919- Instead of fleeing the country, capital was flowing in more rapidly than ever before.
12920- But the Bush administration failed to control rioting, disbanded the Iraqi army, and allowed the security situation to deteriorate.
12921- The Bush administration, however, refuses to disclose information which would show the role of corporate interests in setting its energy policy.
12922- Obviously, there is a point where a leader must commit to a decision.
12923- The suspension of the Doha Round of World Trade Organization (WTO) talks since July is deeply disappointing.
12924- They can try to stop product market reforms altogether and, by the same token, try to stop trade liberalization and globalization.
12925- The reason that such pseudo-science has prevailed in so many American schools is directly related to America's tremendously decentralized school system, which allows committed local groups of the religious-minded to reshape the curriculum.
12926- Some of Russian President Vladimir Putin's statements seem to recall the Soviet era with nostalgia.
12927- Except for the Balkans, most European nations are at peace with each other.
12928- Funds will be dispersed only to countries committed to stable prices and public spending, and support of the market economy.
12929- Those who dispense money, he argued, should look only at new research ideas, not at the organizational charts of research institutions.
12930- For the rest of us, notwithstanding the Union's unprecedented eastward enlargement, the schisms that erupted over the Iraq war, and the other frictions that are bound to result from Europe's flexible, evolutionary approach to constitution-making, there is also a lot of hope in this extended struggle for self-definition.
12931- It is no secret that Russia's diplomats and military leaders were unhappy with Putin's decisive tilt toward the West after the war on terror began.
12932- When wars end, countries confront a multi-pronged transition.
12933- But perhaps before we Romanians are asked to establish animal rights, we should told to pay more attention to ensuring respect for our own.
12934- In the process, he incited popular support for the left-wing Sandinista guerrillas who toppled his government later in the decade.
12935- The addiction to political office is always worrisome, because democracies turn into autocracies when leaders cease to recognize the limits of their power.
12936- So the equation is simple: 5.5%-1.5%-3.5% = 0.5%.
12937- By winning so decisively, Putin has legitimately made himself responsible for everything.
12938- As the German constitutional court judge Ernst-Wolfgang Böckenförde famously put it, democracies cannot create the conditions of their survival and success.
12939- People in places like France and Poland who worry about national decline seek to blame somebody outside the country.
12940- "Inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon".
12941- This repression of liberal reformers passes unnoticed in the wider world, with America's silence particularly noticeable.
12942- At times dialogue with terrorists may be needed; there may be reason to avoid making this impossible by fixating too rigidly on moral imperatives and condemning all terrorists as unspeakable criminals.
12943- As a result, new mechanisms are needed for regional and global governance that include actors other than states.
12944- Is there any reason to believe that excessive policy inflexibility works better in Europe?
12945- The campaign was over Mexico's soul, over the highly abstract, partly imaginary, broad ideological themes of nationalism, separation of church and state, the market versus the state, law enforcement versus eradicating privilege and poverty, belonging to Latin America or to North America, poor versus rich.
12946- Having overcome the inertia of communal suspicions and dynastic traditions, Mahathir was able to drive the country onto a course of rapid industrialization.
12947- Such a commission would afford a measure of preservative justice, enabling a more comprehensive verdict once the institutional capacity for achieving this is built.
12948- Giving substance to the initiative would offer an attractive alternative to the Bush administration's policy of spreading democracy by military means.
12949- When Europe's division ended, an opportunity to recreate the Baltic's traditional free movements of people, ideas and merchandise - all of which once contributed mightily to regional prosperity - suddenly appeared.
12950- With the threat of nuclear war on the subcontinent, a strategic dialogue was initiated between the US and India to discuss security interests.
12951- In Russian history, there is an analogous situation.
12952- Adhering to the gold standard during the Great Depression implied a deflationary monetary-policy bias, since it required keeping interest rates relatively high to encourage investors to hold deposits in banks rather than demanding the gold that backed them.
12953- Recently, a high South Korean official listed in hierarchical order the countries that mattered most in the North Korean nuclear crisis. China came first, followed by the US, Russia, Japan, and South Korea, whereas Europe was absent.
12954- Annan had at his disposal all of the instruments of power and opinion that Wallenberg lacked.
12955- So, in no time, the dollar started wobbling and even -- momentarily -- went down That situation was repaired when President Bush, presumably encouraged by Federal Reserve Bank Chairman Alan Greenspan, reiterated personally that the US seeks a market-determined value for the dollar.
12956- Cross-national policy spillovers are frequent. Finland tightened its immigration regulations in 2004, following closely the restrictive stance taken by Denmark in 2002.
12957- But for this trend to truly take hold, good politics needs something more than morals alone. States must begin to explain their toughest actions, those deeds that the search for security and the inevitable mistrust among states make necessary.
12958- A far more fundamental question has come into view: can a Palestinian government that draws its authority from an agreement with Israel stay in power when it is led by an organization committed to the destruction of Israel?
12959- I am not predicting that this will happen.
12960- This would be much cheaper and ultimately much more effective in dealing with global warming.
12961- In this disenchanted environment, dreams of utopia thrive.
12962- The point of Holocaust denial is to remove the taboo now associated with the original crime.
12963- That transatlantic community must jointly feel responsible for maintaining peace and stability in the world.
12964- Wallis Simpson, the controversial US-born Duchess of Windsor, once famously quipped, "You can never be too rich or too thin."
12965- South Korea and Japan need to have their views taken into serious account if this now inevitable withdrawal is to succeed.
12966- I am writing you in the hope that you will take time from your busy schedule as Israel's acting Prime Minister to hear one Palestinian's hopes.
12967- Another perversion of democracy is the fact that the supra-national body that is to administer the "united economic space" grants Ukraine and its 49 million people only 9.9% of votes, while it gives Russia and its 140 million people 83%.
12968- In any case, there will be no "division of areas" until Israel withdraws completely and the ruins are cleared away.
12969- Republican political operatives care far less about national savings than they do about manufacturing-sector job losses.
12970- There are lawless democracies and undemocratic "states of law" (Rechtsstaat).
12971- Fifty years later, socialism's advantages, Marxism's truth, and the proletarian character of the Party have all been unanswerably challenged.
12972- From the Economic and Financial Policy Forecast Document (2003-2008), now being scrutinized by Parliament, one deduces that taxes will fall by a mere 1% of GDP in the period between 2001 (when Berlusconi took office) and 2008.
12973- Some think so, but Al Qaeda blew up the USS Cole and most people regarded the killing of the sailors onboard a terrorist attack.
12974- In short, Iraq would not need official development assistance at all.
12975- The Islamic and non-Islamic worlds now seem locked in a vicious circle of hatred, one that is convincing many moderates on both sides that the cultural and political divide is too large to bridge.
12976- I am grateful that one of the reactions to September 11th was, if I am not mistaken, a somewhat changed attitude within the USA vis-à-vis the UN.
12977- Some Prime Ministers rarely attend their parliaments.
12978- While many economists judge Germany's strategy the worst and America's the best, the Scandinavian strategy can be considered a second-best strategy.
12979- Consider China, where the saving and investment rates are near 40%, where the current account is in surplus and there is no public debt.
12980- Initially, Khrushchev didn't plan to keep his denunciation of Stalin a secret.
12981- For many years Germany and Japan dominated world exports, and at the time both the yen and the Deutsche Mark were among the "strongest" currencies in the world.
12982- Determining whether a substance is "dangerous" involves determining not only the material's toxicity, but the degree to which it will ever come into contact with a living cell.
12983- Unfortunately, the evidence does not support this.
12984- Rescuing the Amazon Forests
12985- It will be a tragedy -- especially for the Palestinians -- if they promote or condone terrorism.
12986- But it is still obvious that the entire party knew who Stalin was.
12987- If they get it, matters will most likely go from bad to worse.
12988- Thus, there is scope for a compromise that recognizes both sides' legitimate concerns.
12989- The Conundrum of Scientific Fraud
12990- But Abe comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor, Junichiro Koizumi, whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine (where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried) helped sour relations with China.
12991- The idea was first proposed by Robert Z. Lawrence and Robert Litan in their 1986 book, Saving Free Trade, and revived in a 2001 article by Litan and Lori Kletzer.
12992- But polarization has not been a constant factor in the history of independent Ukraine.
12993- Income taxes certainly must affect willingness to work.
12994- America's long boom was no house of cards, no matter how hard those who scoffed at the "New Economy" wished it to be so.
12995- For our part, both the World Bank and the IMF are stepping up financial, technical, and analytical trade-related assistance.
12996- The politics of frustration has been particularly apparent in the postcommunist world during the last fifteen years.
12997- Megawati promised to pursue human rights violators, but few actions have been taken to enforce this promise.
12998- But what is honesty or dishonesty in a politician?
12999- The heart of this miracle is that it benefits all - Europe's citizens, its states, the whole continent, and the world.
13000- They found that dealing with HIV/AIDS, hunger, free trade, and malaria were the world's top priorities, where we could do the most good for our money.
13001- Moreover, Iran's support of terrorist organizations, such as Hezbollah, could bring violence to other countries.
13002- What football really provides is a residual area of confrontation that allows for the controlled expression of animosity, leaving the most important areas of interaction between countries unaffected.
13003- But in a decade or two, Chinese may become the language of the largest number of Internet users.
13004- In Berlin before I left, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder had just welcomed his French and British colleagues for an exchange of views on the state and future of the Union.
13005- A communist who considered himself an honest proletarian writer, but called by Stalin, the Red Clown of Power, "svoloc" (scoundrel) and "balagancik" (buffoon), Platonov lived a lifelong ordeal.
13006- Indeed, times have changed dramatically since the cutthroat Russian capitalism of the 1990's--supposedly a world in which entrepreneurs were indifferent, at best, to each other's problems.
13007- Huxley's masterpiece, which had more to say about materialism, mood-control, mass-distraction, and social fragmentation than Orwell's, offers a new kind of insight into what is really happening in twenty-first-century China.
13008- The Mind of the Right
13009- This is why securities law, unlike company law, has federal status in the US.
13010- But in today's Europe, neutrality in the traditional sense does not exist. Indeed, what precisely are we to be neutral about?
13011- Dianchi Lake near the provincial capital, Kunming, is so shrunken and polluted that the city faces a serious water shortage.
13012- With more than 40% of Latin America's population living in poverty, Cuba stands out as an example of a country where being poor does not mean a life of squalor.
13013- The first question that any would-be Russian reformer should ask nowadays (and which we did not ask during Gorbachev's perestroika) is the following, is society prepared to endure the short-term pains of reforms, and how willing it is to endure the pain?
13014- They have been working in a distributed collaboration for eight years and come from a range of countries and specialties.
13015- Alongside Hayek, his colleague at the University of Chicago, Friedman launched a more general intellectual assault on Keynesianism, arguing that any government permitted to regulate the economy in the name of equality posed a threat to individual liberty.
13016- For people retiring at age 60, the difference between living to 80 and living to 90 is enormous: in the latter case, their pensions would have to pay benefits for 50% longer.
13017- Iran's alternatives should be no less than recognition and security, or total isolation.
13018- Easy access to oil wealth only allows their cynical frivolity to continue.
13019- Such losses could be devastating. Increased debt and budget deficits are one likely result, putting at risk the accomplishments of more than a decade of effort to reform the economy.
13020- Battlegroups should be expanded to include naval and air components for missions such as maritime interdiction and close support for ground troops.
13021- When the world's leaders met at the Millennium Summit four years ago, they agreed on a set of goals aimed at cutting global poverty in half by 2015.
13022- America's actions over steel seem to suggest that the US embraces a double standard.
13023- Indeed, the best data available suggests that inequality increases about half the time, and falls the other half.
13024- It may seem cruel or cold-hearted to focus on such environmental outcomes in the wake of vast human loss and suffering.
13025- Some countries, like Germany, have laws that make it possible to ban political parties whose programs are recognizably anti-democratic.
13026- 
13027- So tragic a ritual can have no good end.
13028- FTA's cannot substitute for multilateral liberalization.
13029- Rainfall patterns are changing.
13030- But the argument about legality is more complicated.
13031- Decisions on such issues cannot be delegated; they must remain in the hands of elected governments and be subject to parliamentary approval and oversight.
13032- The report is therefore right to challenge Bush's insistence on discarding both Iran and Syria as interlocutors for a more stable regional order.
13033- Nor is there any official authority to protect children and defend their rights in case of incapacitation or sickness.
13034- It is time for the rest of Central and Eastern Europe to catch up to Serbia.
13035- Tony Blair, who in July was faced with the shortcomings of integration in the UK, should take advantage of the country's current presidency of the European Union to make affirmative action programs the top priority at next month's summit of European government leaders in Brussels.
13036- The problem is aggravated by the fact that the EU remains wholly unprepared for its "big bang" enlargement, even as it is set to begin.
13037- President Jiang returned recently to that global gathering of business leaders but, thankfully, a repeat of that appeasement did not occur.
13038- One key advantage of it is that such an approach has a real chance of gaining support, albeit sometimes tacit, from Arab countries - and from Europe and Russia as well.
13039- It is a weakness that (unlike in America) also carries a broad consensus: most agree that it needs to be addressed, and that government has the obligation to do so.
13040- The amoral approach has been Europe's main tradition since the Thirty Years War.
13041- Meanwhile, people would be asked to adopt as many dogs as possible.
13042- In its way, All4Syria has provided an indirect conduit for dialogue between government and opposition, which may not have taken place otherwise.
13043- In addition, if Ukraine's President becomes an international pariah, he can only turn to Russia, as is the case of President Aleksandr Lukashenko in Belarus.
13044- The paradox here is that the open-minded reformism they espoused helped stir conservative trends among Islamic thinkers, who seized on the reformists' revival of Islamic norms to urge a return to the "purity" of the first Islamic societies.
13045- For the German language, let me point here to Weltschmerz , Weltgeist , Zeitgeist , Schadenfreude , Realpolitik , or Bildung - all of them words for which other languages often lack precise equivalents.
13046- No doubt, this case will attract the Russian and international press.
13047- At most, deputies will be able to offer the public a fresh example of a favorite trick in politics: to tell the truth was told and nothing but the truth, but not exactly the whole truth.
13048- 0.8
13049- This effort was to be the means through which a weary, dusty nation was to find a better economic future.
13050- Oleg Kalugin, who became a high KGB official, said in looking back from the vantage point of 1997, "Exchanges were a Trojan Horse for the Soviet Union.
13051- China's emergence as Asia's dominant power, and the overall regional balance of power, are now matters that governments across the Pacific must reckon with carefully.
13052- Political violence that creates the impression of mere street crime is never easy to prove, unlike jail terms of several years, and therefore it does not receive due attention from the world.
13053- This has become an issue in a number of countries, and it has led some governments (as President Putin's did recently) to try and curb freedom of expression.
13054- Should Iran Be Attacked?
13055- Japan has hardly benefited.
13056- "It took thirty years before I found out," McNamara said, "that there were already nuclear arms on Cuba: 162 charges, of which 90 were tactical nuclear weapons."
13057- In Germany, we thought for a while that the occupation would last forever, and that we perhaps deserved no better.
13058- Many people welcomed the new tone, but wondered if it was simply sugarcoated cynicism.
13059- This may encourage national policy-makers who defend the SGP's deficit ceiling to continue to do so, but peer pressure will lose some of its effectiveness when the ultimate threat of sanctions disappears.
13060- It is practically the only international institution to which countries willingly subordinate themselves.
13061- The logic of stagnant employment is not that adding jobs to the American economy is impossible, but that demand growth is insufficient to create more jobs than are lost.
13062- Muslims are convinced of the absolute superiority of Islam, which is reflected in the constant invocation and desperate desire to revive past glory, as well as a positive duty to convert followers of other religions.
13063- For example, cell phones are widespread in Europe; this probably improves the quality of free time, but does little to enhance labor productivity.
13064- If the benefits do not come quickly -- and for most people they do not -- they get restless.
13065- Opportunities exist for a constructive Chinese role elsewhere.
13066- But a different assertion of democratic and parliamentary power, this time in the Gulf sheikdom of Kuwait, which possesses 10% of world oil reserves, may prove to be equally important.
13067- For centuries, doctors weakened or killed their patients in large numbers through bleeding, until medicine became a science.
13068- It is quite another for this to happen in a radically different environment, in which transparency, a free press, an independent Congress, and a vibrant civil society are firmly in place, as is true of today's Brazil, Mexico, or Chile.
13069- But these trade-offs must be made if Europe's military is to meet the Continent's security needs.
13070- In Eastern Europe, former communist countries applying for European Union membership must harmonize their laws with those of the EU.
13071- How different it all seemed a decade ago!
13072- Clearly, Germany faces many difficulties; most economists agree that reunification was mishandled and the burden on the German economy correspondingly excessive.
13073- Temporary exceptions could include supplemental social assistance, housing benefits or the "export" of family benefits to children living in the home country.
13074- Many secretly want Israel to crush Hezbollah and rid them of their problem.
13075- More than 8,000 Palestinians are held in Israeli prisons, many without charge or trial.
13076- But Bush does not have many choices if he is to save his presidency from going down in history as an utter failure.
13077- Success will also require more funds for reconstruction, development, and alternatives to opium poppy cultivation.
13078- For the first time in history, we are starting to understand how the living things around us work, how all the pieces fit together.
13079- Now that we think differently about real estate, we will never be the same again.
13080- Transplanting laws, indeed, seems as risky as transplanting organs because, like organs, legal transplants may be rejected.
13081- The prices of basic commodities and charges for electricity, heating, and other vital services will be reduced to their actual production costs.
13082- For this model, as we have seen in Russia, leads to populist democracy and timid reform.
13083- Given the high rate of growth in China's money supply, there could be considerable pressures for the yuan to actually depreciate, because a rate of monetary growth that exceeds the growth rate of economic activity tends to cause a currency's exchange rate to fall.
13084- Such policies also facilitated structural change, as older workers often lack the skills required in emerging economic sectors.
13085- Now "China bashing" has taken over, and the result could be just as bad, if not worse.
13086- They have also achieved high standards of governance.
13087- Today, many people now long for that period, which they see as less driven by material values.
13088- But are foreign owners getting more than a fair rate of return?
13089- Georgia's "Rose Revolution" last winter demonstrated that the will to implement radical reform now exists.
13090- With the Balassa-Samuelson effect so subdued and limited scope for future corrective inflation, the EMU criterion regarding price stability - of annual inflation within 1.5% of the average rate for the three best-performing economies in the EU - is within reach.
13091- It is encouraging that the French government eventually prevailed, and interesting how this happened.
13092- American empire is not constrained by economics: the US devoted a much higher percentage of its GDP to military spending during the Cold War than it does today.
13093- That uncertainty ended when America succeeded in limiting invitations to three chosen countries, surprising those Alliance members who supported other candidates.
13094- To do so, we need a country with deep religious cleavages between Islam and Christianity and, unlike America's "melting pot," limited mixing among social groups.
13095- Our freedoms and social fluidity also contribute to the threat.
13096- However, unlike fully developed tumors, they are not likely to have acquired many genetic changes and are therefore unlikely to have gained resistance to PARP inhibitors.
13097- As a consequence of its welfare state and aggressive unions, Germany has had the highest hourly labor costs in the world for most of the last twenty years; only recently has Denmark taken the lead due to a revaluation of the krona.
13098- He would propose measures including, for example, cutting links between government and organized crime, and making it more difficult for bureaucrats to accept bribes.
13099- So today's most hyped goal--conceiving and putting into practice a common foreign policy--seems too ambitious to succeed.
13100- That is a shame, for here was a moment to expose the flaws of most African leaders throughout our tormented history.
13101- They make even liberals look a bit faded.
13102- In all parts of the world, cultures have had to adjust to the changes in economic organization, technology, and scientific knowledge of the past two hundred years.
13103- It possessed no relevant intelligence.
13104- All this adds up to a Russia that, if not quite a Potemkin state, is anything but great.
13105- We need to maintain a stable, growing world economy with international trade rules that are truly development-oriented -- the great expectation of the current (but so far frustrated) trade negotiations.
13106- There is an eerie sense of déja vu in all this.
13107- Take the case of the French Ambassador to Britain.
13108- Hearings began just the day before Khodorkovsky's trial opened in another case that is no less significant.
13109- Since Bush's proposal doesn't incorporate Mexico's interests, Fox should spell them out.
13110- His words seem prescient.
13111- When American wealth seemed to be growing year after year as the stock market boomed, this was understandable; individual Americans were becoming richer without savings, so why bother?
13112- Moreover, efforts by the US to unite African governments against terrorism may merely bolster authoritarianism.
13113- While paths to retirement as early as age 50 exist in some countries, in others the lowest eligible age is much higher.
13114- The protagonists that pressured the regime into relinquishing the ASEAN chair were not the usual Western human rights campaigners, but Burma's closest ASEAN neighbors.
13115- The answer need not be all despair.
13116- The Volkswagen law also deters private investors from acquiring shares in the company, despite the principle of free capital mobility within the EU.
13117- That hardly seems a rational policy for a continent in profound transition.
13118- Powerful mainstream Socialists, such as former Prime Minister Laurent Fabius, joined traditional leftist minorities in the party -- either rigidly euroskeptic or unrealistically euromaximalist -- to rally around refusal.
13119- He understands the worldview of the ex-KGB men in the Kremlin very well and is unlikely to approve of revisiting how property and wealth are divided in Russia.
13120- To be on the safe side, countries ban the import of vaccinated animals anyway.
13121- On average, the studies found that 74.4% of the curative outcomes were "successful," falling short of the WHO's 85% target.
13122- The number of separate targets that can be attacked in the first 48 hours should be five times as great as in 1991.
13123- Foreigners are either going to start earning much better returns in the US, pushing American debt levels into unsustainable territory, or else they will pull back and invest elsewhere.
13124- In this, Al Qaeda finds a receptive audience.
13125- Some of these skills can be learned only in universities; others can (and should) be mastered in primary and secondary schools.
13126- Indeed, while the demands of millenarians can never be met, thus leaving repression as the only means to deal with them, nationalism may be (and often is) effectively addressed through political means: when the legitimate and more widely shared nationalist goals are met, the radical fringe often loses its wider appeal and withers away.
13127- South Koreans genuinely fear that the plan may weaken deterrence by sending North Korea - which is demanding a US military withdrawal while refusing to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions - the message that intransigence pays.
13128- If the Americans can get Israel to agree to these straightforward requests, the situation could be ripe for a ceasefire, which in turn would be the prelude to a genuine peace process.
13129- While the value-added tax will rise by three percentage points in 2007, economic growth will remain healthy, at nearly 2%.
13130- The Ukraine president is authorized to appoint and sack the prime minister, dissolve parliament if he wishes, and rule by decree if he judges that the country's institutions are in danger.
13131- Indeed, the precedents of democratic immobility in Asia are hardly encouraging.
13132- Yet while contemplating the collapse of Saddam's regime, Jordanians are also now recognizing how closely our own society is tied to Iraq's, and how difficult it will be for Jordan to set out on a new course if the Americans end the rule of Saddam Hussein.
13133- But at least it doesn't tax poor countries, as rich-country imperialists did until well into the twentieth century.
13134- Reaching the top requires not only talent and luck, but also a lot of practices -- that is, time wasted from the point of view of survival.
13135- Globalization means free movement of capital, goods, technology, ideas, and, yes, people.
13136- Indeed, the United States today is 9% richer than we would have dared forecast a decade ago, and that is true despite labor-market slack and thus the largest production shortfalls below potential output in two decades.
13137- For nearly 100 years, first the British empire and then the US manipulated Middle Eastern governments, launched coups, bought puppet regimes, and supported wars, with the main purpose of controlling the region's oil flows.
13138- Now that his electronic surveillance program has been exposed, Bush's Justice Department has launched an investigation into how the news became public, threatening the journalists who reported the information.
13139- A time-out is essential.
13140- Moreover, although the current assistants' authority is limited, Abe plans to submit legislation aimed at strengthening the prime minister's office, including an amendment of the cabinet law.
13141- Even before the bombs stopped falling on Baghdad, Khalilzad's writ as Special Envoy was extended to Iraq.
13142- Argentina became merely a vehicle for sending a message from Washington to New York.
13143- But Vajpayee should try to do more than score points off Musharraf.
13144- Regarding the demise of communism, the experiences of, say, Poland and Romania are profoundly different.
13145- Today's Middle East is a construction of the US and Europe.
13146- So far, the decline of what was the Soviet Union has proceeded relatively well; Russia, the principal successor state, has avoided all-out civil war and war with its neighbors.
13147- China's growth continues to astound the world; indeed, new GDP data suggest that its economy is 20% larger than previously thought.
13148- But Japan is no Argentina or Turkey; it is the third largest economy in the world.
13149- This can only be reversed by violence, which is unlikely, so strong is the consensus that Lebanon needs a new president, and so ingrained is the rejection of force by all Lebanese.
13150- These results demonstrate the grave dangers that young democracies face, as well as the fragility of democratic culture.
13151- This continues to impede the case against Milosevic, raising questions about whether there is sufficient proof directly linking him to the policy of genocidal ethnic cleansing, although this is likely to be less problematic since the charges against him turn not on "command responsibility," but instead on the ICTY's charter principles of individual responsibility.
13152- But the interplay of evolution and religion is more complex than opposition and conflict.
13153- The Civic Exchange-Hong Kong Transition Project's latest survey results, from early August, recorded a sharp upturn in public protests over the past year.
13154- The contrast with India and its responsible military-diplomatic handling of the unprovoked aggression by Pakistan's army in Kashmir was stark.
13155- This is all the more important because leaders in both the US and Europe are beginning to pander to the anti-globalization movement.
13156- It was not until 1989 that the existence of this protocol was officially admitted, thanks to the Glasnost-policy of Mikhail Gorbachev.
13157- Such responses have proven to be signs of weakness, and they will always be regarded as such by the Islamists.
13158- But the world also needs policies to boost investment in Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa.
13159- Getting Past the American Election
13160- Inaction is simply not an option for the new government. And yet agreement on virtually everything of significance will be very difficult to reach.
13161- Yet, according to the polls, she is the only left-leaning candidate who looks able to defeat Nicolas Sarkozy, the current Interior Minister and odds-on favorite to be the center-right's standard bearer in the presidential election next May.
13162- This is a bizarre set of priorities.
13163- Pride, dignity, and self-confidence do not figure in economic theory: they cannot be measured.
13164- Is accounting in worse shape?
13165- "If not, down with the law."
13166- The probability of Iraqi elections being held this coming January must be lower than 50%, and we can be certain that these will not be free and fair elections throughout the entire country.
13167- Villages currently trapped in hunger and subsistence agriculture would become commercial centers for food processing and exports, and even for rural industry and services supported by electrification, mobile phones, and other improved technologies.
13168- Unfreezing Europe's Northern Dimension
13169- Indeed, without returning to the illusion of economic planning, these countries need to be able to set conditions for foreign investors that aim to maximize the local impact on employment, technological diffusion, strategic partnerships, and so forth.
13170- The coming generation will be one of massive downward mobility for many Americans.
13171- Eight of the countries that will enter the European Union in May 2004 were until recently governed by totalitarian dictatorships and enslaved by another nation.
13172- Some see the hand of what remains of the Communist Party behind this.
13173- Only by clearly articulating and defending Ukraine's national interests can today's dispute over gas supplies establish our role in a transformed Europe.
13174- It was not a "Sea of Peace" -- as the communist propaganda tried to describe it -- it was a Sea of Threats, a sea of insecurity and lost opportunities.
13175- Might is not necessarily right.
13176- Yet, the culture of anti-doping is equally alarming, because it embodies a dogmatic commitment that limits the capacity for critical debate over what really matters in sport.
13177- The fact that certain "social rights" have made their way into some national constitutions on the Continent is no reason to impose them, as the present draft does, on the entire Union.
13178- Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels were Germans.
13179- On the contrary, expansion takes away the worries - be they real or imagined - that surround the situation of the large Russian-speaking populations that now live outside of Russia but within the borders of the former Soviet Union.
13180- But demolishing the ideological, political and economic structures of the past is not enough to renew society.
13181- The lambs may have lost out on a few weeks of life, but they were also spared the distress of separation from their mothers, the misery of transportation, possibly for hundreds of kilometres, and the crowding and terror of the slaughterhouse.
13182- So those desiring a stronger integrated EU should be rooting for a French No, knowing full well that some voting No would be doing the right thing for the wrong reasons.
13183- I am simply trying to call things by their right names and to express my concern for good and friendly coexistence.
13184- Mayor Basescu wants to be the next leader of the Democratic Party (now led by former Prime Minister, Petre Roman) and is said to be preparing to run for president in 2004.
13185- 1.
13186- An important factor in the heterogenous experiences of developing countries in the 1990s is that starting conditions varied immensely between countries undergoing economic reform.
13187- Russia's government is now doing its best to prove that, while difficult, it is possible to defy the laws of business physics and kill investments that are already in the pipeline.
13188- That they want to get out, now that their reasons for the war have so dramatically collapsed and domestic support is fading, is beyond doubt.
13189- The local warlord, who hated Chiang Kaishek, let Mao pass.
13190- The extra focus on implicit pension debts would also help to inform citizens.
13191- After all, if over-populated countries with high unemployment cannot export people, why not reach for higher tariff barriers to protect the jobs they have?
13192- Even if there is an "orderly transition" -- a term much used about Tony Blair and Gordon Brown at the moment -- it is accompanied by sorrow, or at least by pain.
13193- But Mao kept sending them contradictory orders; the result was that they could neither fight nor retreat.
13194- Arab intellectuals, and indeed the wider Arab public, are now busy trying to analyze and understand the lessons of the Iraqi earthquake.
13195- All of the world's religions contain some doctrines and practices that are potentially harmful to the emergence of democracy, and others that are potentially beneficial.
13196- The major accounting firms have clearly established a culture of permissiveness towards earnings manipulation.
13197- This is nonsense.
13198- Terrorism can now be carried out with boxcutters and airplanes as easily as with explosives.
13199- But in today's European Union, Groucho need not apply.
13200- The opium fields of wealthy landowners are untouched, because local officials are paid off.
13201- This fatalistic vision is tragic and could become a self-fulfilling nightmare.
13202- Economic growth and job creation slow, while exports soar.
13203- But this changed dramatically after 9/11, when it became clear that Iraqi and Afghan civilian victims of US bombs (as well as prisoners of war) would receive more coverage than was being provided by the embedded western media machine (Al Jazeera's one embedded journalist did not remain so very long).
13204- Indeed, most developing countries are likely to fall short of the international community's target of halving poverty by 2015.
13205- External political pressure on the ECB and its president, Jean-Claude Trichet, to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase.
13206- So Europe cannot begin to match the US unless it becomes a single federation.
13207- When Tsar Peter, sickened by Russia's corruption, decided to hang his bribery-taking officials, Menshikov said, "Your Majesty, you risk losing all your subjects."
13208- They could form coalitions with anyone, not least with each other, whatever their traditional political affiliations may be.
13209- Although the most high-profile defendants, Slobodan Milosevic and Vojislav Seselj, are doing their best to discredit the tribunal, they will fail. The charge of bias is simply not sustainable.
13210- Given the obvious importance of the post in recent years, the choice of Mr. Zhu's replacement may be of even more significance than President Jiang's departure from center stage.
13211- Suppose there is a crisis in the Persian Gulf over Iran's efforts to get nuclear weapons.
13212- Whenever a government attempts to liberalize the electricity industry, unions and firms join forces in opposition.
13213- But much of the problem stems from an under-briefed, undereducated, and uncurious press corps.
13214- The time has come for a revolt of parliaments against both the arrogance of those in power and voter apathy.
13215- The common threat of international terrorism must be faced jointly.
13216- But pitifully low domestic returns on capital soon spurred Japanese investors to resume foreign lending, fueling the massive investment boom of the Clinton-era "new economy."
13217- In his pro-imperial Russia film "The Barber of Siberia," the Oscar-winning director Nikita Mikhalkov -- whose father composed the Stalin-era national anthem that Putin recently revived -- used the coronation of Alexander III as the symbolic centerpiece of Russia's greatness, inviting Russian leaders to walk in his footsteps.
13218- -0.9
13219- Victory achieved, Hamas will take on the responsibility for the Palestinian side in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
13220- Leaders of these groups often defended terrorism by insisting that violence was the only means of bringing hope to demoralized people.
13221- Over the past 20 years, annual per capita GDP growth in Latin America averaged 0.35%.
13222- But this should not make us lose sight of other challenges. One of the most important is the fate of Ukraine, and the need to strengthen liberty and democracy there.
13223- The issue must be addressed, not ignored and criminalized.
13224- Many early Muslim reformists were clerics or senior bureaucrats, who had seen first hand how diminished their societies had become.
13225- Despite today's hopes, sad to say, Japan is likely to remain a great risk for the world economy.
13226- Ever protective of his position as sole leader of the Palestinian people, Arafat sought to block any means by which a potential rival could challenge him.
13227- It produces one of the finest airplanes in the world--so good that competitors in the more advanced industrial countries have tried to impose trade barriers.
13228- But that risk, like Secretary O'Neill's careless tongue, is receding.
13229- There are indications that he shares the old central European prejudice of America as a materialist civilization that provides the wherewithal -- but not the ideas -- for what needs to be done.
13230- But the questions to be answered leading up to the summit are already clear: which, if any, country will be asked to join Nato; when will any new member join?
13231- It calls for speedy and impartial rehabilitation to the victims and bringing to trial in a transparent manner the perpetrators of these crimes.
13232- One measure of the quality of governance in over 150 countries is provided by Transparency International, an organization dedicated to strengthening civil society in the fight against government corruption.
13233- Is the OSCE's presence retarding the country's independence and economic vitality by creating an image of a protectorate, a country unable to forge international agreements or join powerful international bodies on its own volition?
13234- Globalisation may have something to do with it, as well as the disintegration that accompanies modernity.
13235- Growth in Euroland since the introduction of the Euro four-and-a-half years ago has been dismal, and immediate prospects look little better.
13236- This means representing the interests of the da-kuan, those who suddenly became rich, usually through government connections.
13237- "Pure capitalism" and "globalization" evoke horrific images.
13238- Most were small traders buying goods for resale at home, boosting the economy of eastern Poland, the poorest part of that country.
13239- Indeed, the Paper is a hodgepodge of illogic and half-baked ideas that aims at "launching a public debate" on the issue, "choosing a bottom-up, rather than a top-down approach."
13240- That inflated estimation of his importance distorted the way he has ruled Georgia, for instead of building a functioning state, he has concentrated on maintaining his global profile and focusing on NATO rather than on the nuts and bolts of government.
13241- When Soviet troops invaded Berlin at the end of April 1945 many of us went into the streets to welcome them.
13242- The war on terror polarizes the world.
13243- If Japan were an emerging economy, indeed, we would be looking for collapse and the IMF to move in to restore normality.
13244- The same model can and should be followed elsewhere in the troubled lands that border the European Union.
13245- The Commission highlights other issues that have received insufficient global attention - such as tax competition among developing countries, which shifts more of the tax burden from business to workers.
13246- Take the European Union.
13247- Similarly, the principle that private incentives should be aligned with social costs and benefits hardly results in unconditional support for policies of trade liberalization, deregulation, and privatization.
13248- Islam's Clash with Modernization
13249- One mechanism that has often been effective at reining in powerful special interests in individual EU states, and thus at implementing structural reforms, is action by the European Commission.
13250- In 1999, Unity's main rival was the Fatherland /All Russia bloc (OVR), led by ex-premier Yevgeny Primakov and Moscow Mayor Yuri Luzhkov, who at the time were very popular figures.
13251- The most dangerous course for Japan now would be to continue its dribbled, strategically aimless increase in defense spending, while treating the armed forces as pariahs, leaving them without a coherent command and with no leadership from the government.
13252- Some military analysts saw this as the beginning, at long last, of serious reforms, as the army was capable only of executing military operations in Russia's traditional way, i.e., using overwhelming force, as in WWII.
13253- This is not only a domestic issue.
13254- Furthermore, due to improved access to quality health care and better living conditions, life spans in rich countries are now much longer than in the developing world.
13255- This is what happened in Afghanistan.
13256- The arguments for low interest rates seem to me to require a degree of government competence that is unlikely, given political parties' current positions and the existing structure of the institutions that make fiscal policy.
13257- The correct approach to solving Argentina's problems in 2001, and now, would have been to end speculation over devaluation.
13258- Although such incidents reveal a troubling level of mistrust between the Chinese and Japanese that is not merely a product of media coverage, it is noteworthy that both governments have worked consistently, diligently, and with considerable success to resolve such problems and contain their political fallout.
13259- Exports are yet to begin, but the threat of the resource curse is already present.
13260- In Germany, many controversial political issues are taken to the Constitutional Court by minorities defeated in parliament.
13261- Almeyda secretly met with Army General Oscar Villanueva, the presumed "cashier" of Montesinos's mafia.
13262- In a special trip to Islamabad, US Assistant Secretary of State Christina Rocca sought to reassure a visibly nervous Pakistani government that the war would be "quick and short."
13263- The intermingling of religious passion and political radicalism makes the Iraqi insurgency particularly dangerous and difficult to quell.
13264- Domestically, there is an obvious difference between advocates of a "European model" of social and moral capitalism and others who adhere to the neoliberal "Washington consensus" that Europeans associate with America's economic model.
13265- The Project has proven controversial.
13266- Snow pack in the mountains is melting earlier in the season, so that river water is less available during summer growing seasons.
13267- Yet neither India nor the EU wants their friendship to be part of an anti-China axis.
13268- So it should be no surprise that, as Koizumi moves toward the end of his second and final term in office, his efforts to reform the constitution to allow Japan more effectively to defend world peace are gathering pace.
13269- Because of the onset of the El Nino, it's likely that the drought will continue into the coming year.
13270- Looking at the capital flow reversal into the US, I cannot argue that the second era has been an unqualified success either. It is nice that Mexican workers and entrepreneurs are gaining experience in export manufactures, and successful enough to run a trade surplus vis-à-vis the US.
13271- Indeed, an Indian software programmer typically earns less than a comparable African programmer.
13272- The Richest Get Richer
13273- Rather than try to build as many nuclear weapons as possible, he proclaimed a doctrine of "sufficiency," holding only a minimal number for protection.
13274- For a start, Bush could learn to get out of the way and encourage more popular and grassroots contacts.
13275- Bush is right to assert that repressive regimes can no longer hide behind a cloak of sovereignty: what goes on inside tyrannies and failed states is of vital interest to the rest of the world.
13276- Across Romania, fear is growing of a looming porcine genocide as the country prepares to negotiate its way into the EU.
13277- Acceptance of the market economy has been slower, but that, too, has begun since the encyclical Centesimus Annus of John Paul II.
13278- Precisely because gays seem so accepted, the arrests sent a disturbing message.
13279- Why should the one region - and people - who run an orderly government, are not involved in murder, attacks on mosques, and suicide bombing of schoolchildren, be penalized?
13280- NATO added seven new members -- nations eager to contribute to the Alliance in powerful ways.
13281- Pashtuns living in the strategically important south and east, together with Shi'a Muslim Hezaras, constitute some two-thirds of Afghanistan's population.
13282- John Paul II had a specific task that he implemented during his nearly 27-year papacy: following through on the changes in the teaching and behavior of the Catholic Church that were started by the Second Vatican Council over forty years ago.
13283- Unfortunately, like the Cold War, the current "war on terror" is likely to be a matter of decades, not years.
13284- The radicals totally repudiate the Other, and do not see a place for the non-Muslim either in heaven or on Earth.
13285- But the ability of powerful nations to exercise their international influence also depends on international law being upheld.
13286- And yet any government has to watch that the investment is being made effectively.
13287- When some object to the budgetary costs of enlargement and others to transitional periods, the prospect of stimulating growth across Europe is the perspective to keep in mind. One Europe.
13288- Even debate about reforming the global financial architecture was stilted: only finance ministers and central bankers, it seems, are allowed a seat at the IMF table.
13289- But this seems like collateral damage from the pursuit of an overriding political objective.
13290- In a reminder of that confrontation, Ortega accused his old enemies in the United States of drafting a plan to assassinate him.
13291- BERLIN: Chancellor Schröder's government coalition barely scraped through Germany's Bundestag to secure the support it needed to dispatch German soldiers to help in the campaign against international terrorism.
13292- Delegates to the Convention should keep in mind the provision of the Socratic Oath that reminds physicians, "First do no harm."
13293- Brazil's successful return to the financial markets at the end of April and the strengthening of the country's currency, the real, have shown that the election of President Luiz Inácio da Silva (Lula) has not led to a collapse of foreign confidence.
13294- Hunger afflicts hundreds of millions, as world weather patterns seem to become more erratic, with more dangerous droughts and floods associated perhaps with long-term changes in the climate.
13295- The US National Academy of Sciences estimates that DDT saved 500 million lives from malaria before 1970.
13296- The strategy is simple and ruthless. The world's largest dictatorship is preparing to crush and occupy the first Chinese democracy in history -- Taiwan.
13297- But obstructing is far from overthrowing.
13298- He has made no efforts at economic reform during his term and now seeks to blame the ECB for Italy's lame economic performance.
13299- On February 23, a day after addressing America's allies in Brussels, President George W. Bush will meet German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder in the old city of Mainz on the Rhine.
13300- Capitalism is a public trust; it works if everybody has a fair chance and corporate theft receives highly visible punishments.
13301- After all, not every American voted for President Bush, nor is every European a Eurofederalist.
13302- Like the Lebanese, Iraqis have suffered enough.
13303- Humala calls for overhauling Peru's economic policy in particular by revising foreign companies' concession contracts, increasing taxes on the rich, and lowering the salaries paid to congressmen and government members -- "old fashioned populism that will ruin the country," claim his opponents.
13304- But the EU still must prove to the countries seeking to join it that the Union is a truly open, democratic society of the type they have struggled to make of themselves.
13305- Designing such an international peacekeeping effort, one with the credibility and staying power, should now be a priority.
13306- That failure was epitomized by the inability to impose a peace agreement on Palestinians and Israelis in 2000.
13307- This is because the desert in the region normally has a crust, what Arabs call "the desert skin," consisting of sand and clay particles that have been baked together, or sintered, by the heat and sun.
13308- The targeted sanctions address such matters as the foreign bank accounts of Mugabe and his associates and their right to travel to Europe and the US on holidays and shopping trips.
13309- The Truth and Reconciliation process may or may not work to heal South Africa's wounds, but if corporations are to be provided with incentives to do the right thing, they must now pay the price for the profits that they reaped from that abhorrent system.
13310- For these sectors, rapid investment-driven growth in the past decade has produced a mountain of excess capacity, reflected in stagnant prices and the banking sector's soaring volume of bad loans, as price wars squeeze profitability and stimulate real-estate speculation.
13311- First, neither the US nor European countries have much standing as legitimate arbiters of "good governance."
13312- Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia came into existence because their constituent parts were not seen as viable independent states.
13313- Within Ukraine, a government capable of truly governing should seek to adopt EU laws and norms in exactly the manner that the countries poised to join the Union have done, thus helping to clean up the murky system in which Kuchma's criminal cronies flourish.
13314- When a family's income is insufficient to pay school fees for every child, girls are typically denied an education, owing to the traditional belief that marriage is a girl's final destiny.
13315- But in evolutionary terms this is nonsense.
13316- A tiny elite is thus insulated from serious challenges and, ultimately, of responsibility for anything, even the most heinous of crimes.
13317- The work has been carried out through foundations operating on the ground and led by citizens who understand the limits of the possible in their countries.
13318- The Guantanamo experience on how to treat Taliban and Al-Qaida fighters is a clear case in point.
13319- Much more cultural space will open up for alternative world views and lifestyles.
13320- Instead of researching the focus area's agricultural base, social structures, and local cultures the plan's officers launched a program based on hearsay and feeble contacts. Wily and resourceful, Afghans were quick to take advantage of the ignorance, goodwill and craving for instant results of the program's officers.
13321- Islamic Evangelism
13322- But is Eastern Europe an exception?
13323- Putin sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexander's.
13324- Failure of the current proposal would mean an effective end to all efforts to reform the UN, with disastrous consequences for people across the world who depend on the aid provided by the UN Development Program, the security provided by the UN's numerous peacekeeping operations, or the myriad other services rendered by UN agencies.
13325- Fighting terror backed by radical Islam requires a sophisticated understanding of its political and economic roots.
13326- Now First-Worlders are uncertain whether even this will protect their economic status.
13327- An upswing is coming in the fourth quarter, underpinned by tax cuts and much lower interest rates.
13328- How Germany Lost the Iraq War
13329- Across the continent children are increasingly scarce.
13330- Fundamentalist Islamic groups, indeed, raised the most consistent challenge to Megawati's ``secular'' government even before the attacks on America.
13331- There is little except national inertia, complacency and opportunism that stands in the way of beginning to formulate and implement a distinct EU policy to bolster the coalition against terrorism.
13332- Third, Solidarity was an institution; indeed, a unique one given the conditions under which we lived, and it is to its special institutional form that we owe our ultimate victory.
13333- This would be quite different if the identities of future victims were known at the time such decisions are taken.
13334- The government knew monitors would turn up improprieties, but believes that it has nothing to hide, and much to gain, from honest criticism.
13335- But that is not the point: the point is that no one could be sure.
13336- These three powers, each of great importance to Europe, have been rivals for many centuries.
13337- Whatever remains for public investments are sure to be wasted, as projects tend to pass cost-benefit analysis when the financing comes from easy money, generously provided by mother nature.
13338- Ultimate moral responsibility for what was done by Milosevic rests with Serbia's people.
13339- Religion has led people to commit a long litany of horrendous crimes, from God's command to Moses to slaughter the Midianites -- men, women, boys, and non-virginal girls -- through the Crusades, the Inquisition, innumerable conflicts between Sunni and Shiite Muslims, and suicide bombers convinced that martyrdom will lead them to paradise.
13340- As we know, science and religion offer different answers.
13341- Although Germany's net investment as a share of GNP remains one of the lowest in the developed world, the additional investment implies more jobs in the construction and machine tool industries, followed by rising employment wherever the investment is placed.
13342- As a special honor, his Russian hosts organized an excursion to Strelna, the "Russian Versailles," which was recently restored from ruin to become the Petersburg residence of President Vladimir Putin.
13343- In such an atmosphere, inclusion of politically incorrect content is not merely a risky move, but constitutes a breach of social decorum.
13344- An Islamist political party that previously abstained from national politics and rejects Fatah's policy of negotiations with Israel, is now in charge in Palestine.
13345- The big BMW story of late 2003 resurfaced quietly, before being buried again forever.
13346- From the mid-1970's on, however, Americans continued working more or less the same number of hours, while Western Europeans began working less and less each year.
13347- But China's government clings to the belief that Hong Kong's people are not ready for democracy.
13348- Our world is not only unbalanced, but endangered.
13349- Photos of her in a swimming suit, taken by paparazzi during the summer, triggered much discussion across France.
13350- Indeed, whereas agricultural trade issues put rich and poor countries' national interests on a collision course, promoting investment flows to the developing world could unify all countries around a shared objective.
13351- And hedge funds, unlike banks, can leverage their bets, borrowing to take on assets many times the size of their capital base.
13352- Such an attitude helps neither Russia nor the West. It merely strengthens Russian misconceptions and leads Western statesmen toward hopeless and unseemly compromises.
13353- Consider, similarly, the death and illness caused by malaria, which can be reduced very sharply through the use of mosquito nets for beds and anti-malaria medicines.
13354- So in this bizarre dance, where the big parties and important candidates know that it is better to start later, the real beneficiaries of today's media circus are the candidates without any real chance of winning: a fascist, another extreme rightist, a communist, two Trotskyites, and a few other marginal personalities. They are candidates only in order to benefit from two years of free publicity.
13355- But this dispute within Europe goes deeper than the matter of France's lapsed primacy.
13356- Second, in July 2002, the city of Syracuse, New York, in conjunction with the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, the Yale School of Management, and Realliquidity, LLC, created home equity insurance that pays out if an index of city home prices declines.
13357- Again, one of many examples will suffice.
13358- Whatever happens, Uzbekistan will continue to distance itself from Russia militarily, something which will not please Russian President Vladimir Putin, but the degree of his displeasure will be shaped by the nature of the evolving relationship between Russia and NATO.
13359- Thus, most of the extra money was spent on staying healthy, having a nice home, traveling and relaxing, and doing a little business.
13360- Divided Asia Stands
13361- He remains a nationalist, but the main theme of his electoral campaign was the struggle against organized crime and his promise to purge the police of dishonest high-ranking officers.
13362- Much depends on whether Africa follows the path now being charted by Obasanjo or whether the continent's leaders stick to the line of SADC and Mbeki.
13363- As a consequence, after the war Japan lost Britain's confidence, which eventually resulted in the end of the Anglo-Japanese Alliance.
13364- In the 1970's, the Palestinian attack on Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics and attacks by groups like the Red Brigades galvanized world attention at the cost of dozens of lives.
13365- Russia has clearly taken giant steps in the wrong direction, at a time when China has taken steps, however small, in the right direction.
13366- Longer-run challenges include increasing oil production and tackling Iraq's huge outstanding debt.
13367- The problem for United Russia is that Rogozin is already a master at their game. He remains a firm Putin supporter, skillfully combining criticism of virtually all aspects of Russia's foreign and domestic policy with a loyal - but not glorifying - attitude toward the president himself.
13368- They are also a failure of human beings: democratic values do not function without citizens; there can be no democracy without democrats.
13369- That point is lost in Ghana.
13370- Devaluation incites several restorative forces.
13371- A repeat of this scenario seems possible: on the left, outside of the Socialist Party, there are already four announced candidates, and a fifth is likely.
13372- One of the most important elements of the 1990s consensus--exported globally as the "Washington Consensus"--was the idea of fiscal responsibility.
13373- Yet getting farmers to grow the right crops, and more of them, is easier said than done. Farmers lack the money for crucial inputs such as fertilizer.
13374- Unlocking the secrets of the human genome would be impossible without the computerized manipulation of massive amounts of data, including the majority of the three billion chemical units that comprise our own species' genetic blueprint.
13375- This does not require immediately creating new administrative structures, but skillful political coordination can and must be at the heart of this debate and ensuring its successful outcome.
13376- The Charter empowered the UN to react to threats to peace and international order arising from non-member states, including a requirement--never implemented--that signatories provide "military contingents under the command of the Military Staff Committee, composed of the Chiefs of Staff of the permanent members."
13377- There is a universal sensibility that more and more young people share, thanks to the Internet, music, and culture.
13378- To grasp the conventional view's deficiencies, begin with the problem of technology adoption.
13379- The fifty-year span of the epic battle between the free world and the Soviet empire was filled with division, uncertainty, self-doubt, setbacks, and failures.
13380- It is part of the everyday life of many citizens -- even part of their identities -- that they suffer from an expensive health problem.
13381- The results will be reported after analysis of the trial data and could prove useful for therapy of stroke patients.
13382- One can only regret that the media seem less interested in this exciting and momentous story, which has the potential to help millions of children, than in Madonna's adoption of a single Malawian infant.
13383- Today, many in the United States and Israel dream of a moderate Arab front, with countries such as Saudi Arabia and Egypt containing and isolating "radical" Iran.
13384- The economic and social development of the three areas demands an integrated approach to the exploitation of energy and other natural resources, particularly water.
13385- Instead, developing economies should look carefully, not at what America says, but at what it did in the years when America emerged as an industrial power, and what it does today.
13386- Furthermore, the majority did not think democratization would hurt the economy, although there were clear concerns that political instability could arise from China's intervention in Hong Kong affairs.
13387- At first, reform of the state incited hostility among both bureaucrats and ordinary citizens.
13388- Palestinian politics is approaching the point of no return.
13389- The organization promised to monitor the behavior of members and thus create a chance for coordinated support of the democratic order.
13390- It helps break the normal link between negative mood and negative thinking.
13391- The reformist parliament elected in December 1999 in tandem with President Vladimir Putin's reformist administration lowered tax rates, overhauled the judicial system, legislated private ownership of land, and adopted new banking laws.
13392- The results were perhaps obvious: more people live from agriculture in the developing world than from manufacturing, so agricultural liberalization must be high on the agenda.
13393- The language of authenticity has come to feel like a natural way to describe our aspirations, our psychopathologies, even our self-transformations.
13394- There are families today near Xian, in what was the heartland of the Tang Dynasty Empire, with two-acre dry wheat farms and a single goat.
13395- There is a more mundane reason why many, even within the Party, think that a democratic transition has become inevitable: the Party is simply losing control of the country.
13396- Pundits agree this is merely the latest in a string of IMF-led bailouts that squandered billions of dollars and failed to save the economies they were meant to help.
13397- But the anti-Iraq War protests reveal a new dynamic. Up to 10 million protestors in some 60 countries and 600 cities took to the streets on schedule on a single day, February 15, showing that mass politics can now be approached globally.
13398- Imagine urban geography as an archipelago . On its islands live the modern consumers globally connected in their consuming behaviors, computers and abilities to earn sufficiently well to maintain their lifestyles and speedy rhythm.
13399- Full confessions about AUC crimes are also promised, with former paramilitary fighters facing full retribution for withholding information.
13400- America was thus a special place.
13401- China sees economic ties as a way to hasten its modernization.
13402- Exports to the Union have soared since 1991, when the collapse of the Soviet-era COMECON trading system forced a radical reorientation of trade - helped by massive foreign investment from the EU - towards Western markets.
13403- The patients were randomly allocated to an acupuncture group receiving acupuncture treatment plus routine treatment or a control group receiving routine treatment alone.
13404- If no adequate provisions are made to sustain global competitiveness, the economic, social, and political consequences could be dire.
13405- Millions of people took to the streets during the presidential election last March to demand a name change.
13406- In the years that have passed, China's leaders were responsible not only for Zhao's unlawful house arrest but also for a systematic effort to erase his name from history.
13407- As soon as French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy decided to leave the government and start campaigning for the presidency, incumbent President Jacques Chirac abandoned all plans for reforms that might antagonize voters.
13408- Yeltsin understood this.
13409- Any proposal for a new constitution must be put to the British people and to the people in each EU member state.
13410- A structured dialogue -- including the private sector, which is so intimately involved in China's development -- is needed on energy, sustainable development, and the environment.
13411- The war on drugs takes many forms.
13412- This bizarre brew appears to have been concocted in an effort to reconcile the irreconcilable: the current yearning for democracy with Russia's despotic past.
13413- Indeed, hardly anything interesting about home prices was ever reported at all, aside from an occasional comment in an article about something else.
13414- Since the attack on the Paradise hotel, Mombasa has not reverted to its ancient identity of Mvita, the Isle of War, because only a single elephant, the US, with its protégé, Israel, exists.
13415- Surprisingly, the treatment of elites in Europe may not be all that different from America.
13416- The Al Jazeera Revolution Turns Ten
13417- Others declare that we must kick the fossil fuel habit and make a mad dash for renewable energy sources such as solar or wind power.
13418- But another ghost haunts the continent: economic ignorance about Latin America in the capitals of the West.
13419- To be sure, Article 49 of the Fourth Geneva Convention provides that an occupying government "shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies."
13420- The draft constitutional document presented last week introduces small but significant changes that may empower Europe's citizens to both identify with and criticize Europe.
13421- A key aspect of winning any war is to define the goals.
13422- The Memorial Society meticulously compared their archeological findings with the "shooting protocols" kept in the KGB's archives.
13423- In general, natural resources like oil, gas, diamonds, and other precious minerals breed corruption, because governments can live off of their export earnings without having to "compromise" with their own societies.
13424- This does not mean that Rumsfeld's Pentagon is irrelevant to American soft power.
13425- This is good news not only for Germany, but also for Europe as a whole, as the business climate for German manufacturers reflects that in the rest of Europe -- their main export market.
13426- Political and economic reforms over the past decade were supposed to lead the country out of chronic economic crisis.
13427- Kyoto's Misplaced Priorities
13428- Americans work more hours per week and have less vacation time, but they have more money to spend.
13429- Once the rules of the game are set, there still remains the question: who enforces them?
13430- Indeed, some settlements are more than 25 years old and many settlers are a second or third generation of people living in the region.
13431- This, indeed, is the language of Hamas's 1988 covenant.
13432- But experience has proven that this approach leads nowhere.
13433- Recently I visited Moscow after five years away.
13434- While the rich are better able to bear the risks of currency and interest-rate fluctuations, it is the poor who bear the brunt of this volatility.
13435- The international consensus about the urgent need to pacify and rebuild Liberia - with UN leadership guided by a united Security Council - is in line with global responses to peace accords in many other national and regional conflicts, from East Timor, Cambodia, and Mozambique to Liberia's neighbors Sierra Leone and Cote d'Ivoire.
13436- At the other extreme are countries like Denmark and the UK, where there is an established state religion.
13437- With oil prices higher than ever, its country-risk premiums lower than ever, remittances from abroad, tourism revenues, and foreign investment hitting all time highs, and annual GDP growth estimated at 4.2% for this year, Mexicans -- in many ways -- have never had it so good.
13438- Hugo Chavez's almost 8 years in power in Venezuela -- which he will seek to extend in presidential elections next month &#45;&#45; seems to defy economic analysis.
13439- Burying Augusto Pinochet
13440- Historically, the cashew sector constituted a big part of Mozambique's economy, providing income to several million individuals.
13441- That belief lay behind Bush's denial of federal government funds for stem-cell research that could encourage the destruction of human embryos.
13442- More than anything else, the UN reflects the ability of the major powers (above all, the US, China, Russia, France, and the United Kingdom, the five permanent, veto-wielding members of the Security Council) to agree -- and to back up their agreements with resources.
13443- The Bush administration and the new team at the IMF (when it arrives) have an opportunity to move away from the failed strategies for development, transition, and crises of the past.
13444- We need the kind of common effort launched a generation ago in agriculture that led to the Green Revolution.
13445- Afghanistan's story is even more complex, though the same is true there.
13446- In the current fiscal year, the US will spend an additional $50 billion on defense, raising its overall defense bill to $379 billion, more than 3% of GDP.
13447- It is time for a civilizing mission that will emerge from society itself and bring people together.
13448- But, relative to our overall knowledge of biodiversity, we have documented less than 10% of the world's pathogens.
13449- It has now become the central principle of our interaction with the world, and it will be for the foreseeable future.
13450- · Setting a Europe�wide target for national defense budgets, committing all member�states to spending at least 2% of GDP on defense, and 25% of their defense budgets on arms procurement and R&D;
13451- Minority youth are, to be sure, over-represented among those involved.
13452- A regulatory framework friendly to entry by ISPs and other companies relevant to the technological infrastructure will do a lot more to bring developing countries into the 21st century than donations ever will.
13453- While West Germany's economy was stronger, France was a nuclear power and a permanent, veto-wielding, member of the UN Security Council.
13454- It is shocking that the EU has done so little to press its members, and candidate-members, to promote community living for people with mental disabilities.
13455- Yes, the market economy can provide incentives for wealth creation.
13456- The government then increased funding for basic research and created "centers of excellence" at universities, but it failed to dismantle the koza system, in which powerful senior professors often dominate research departments.
13457- The Judeo‑Christian tradition, the legacies of Greece and Rome, and the Enlightenment are all at the root of the way many Europeans regard their lives, although a long process of secularization has made it more difficult to discern this relationship.
13458- The public's failure to recognize inflation trends meant that long-term bonds were a terrible investment until 1980, when inflation was only a little lower than yields, and a lucrative investment thereafter, when declining inflation and high yields guaranteed large real gains.
13459- But this is the wrong solution to the problem of a bigger EU.
13460- Nor will soft power be sufficient to stop Iran's nuclear program, though the legitimacy of the Bush administration's current multilateral approach may help to recruit other countries to a coalition that isolates Iran.
13461- Members of the Saudi royal family are not entering the race, as they already enjoy ultimate political power.
13462- Strong competition policy is not just a luxury to be enjoyed by rich countries, but a real necessity for those striving to create democratic market economies.
13463- But in principle, Ukraine can succeed as well.
13464- Europe's Overdue Reformation
13465- With little recourse to legal means, an increasing number of frustrated victims of graft resort to extra-legal measures such as strikes, demonstrations, and sit-ins in order to gain media and public attention.
13466- Instead of assuming a new national paradigm based on the reality of their accomplishments (national unity, robust international trade, and growing global influence), China's leaders cling to the old paradigm of their country as victim, the "sick man of Asia" being "cut up like a melon" by predatory imperial and colonial powers like Japan.
13467- Without the bribe, the bus would have been delayed for hours at each stop, days for the whole journey.
13468- Phelps was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when he developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting, which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management.
13469- As a result, cities in those countries were flattened and people killed not only by the Nazis, but also by their Soviet ally, which invaded Poland and supplied the Wehrmacht with the material it needed for its war against the West.
13470- The complexity and depth of these anti-Japanese sentiments helps sustain them and sets them apart from other, more fleeting and contradictory anti-foreign sentiments, such as those Chinese sometimes harbor towards Americans.
13471- The Open Society Institute committed over $2 million to assist the government in closing a large institution for people with intellectual disabilities. But, almost a year into the negotiations, the government is still not ready to commit to concrete action.
13472- By splitting the "reform" vote, both parties failed to win any seats in the Duma because neither surpassed the 5% electoral threshold.
13473- Poverty runs rampant, orphanages overflow with abandoned children, countless packs of wild dogs roam the streets.
13474- The NATO intervention in Kosovo was an example where a number of governments chose to violate the sovereignty of another government (Serbia) to stop ethnic cleansing and genocide.
13475- What kind of driver, owning a car that has just crashed into a tree, has a burned-out transmission, and needs a brake job, says, "The most important thing is to fix this slow leak in the right rear tire?"
13476- So how are we to understand even just a piece of it, say, the United States government and its economic policies? It is a big problem, for the standard sources that I was taught as a child to rely upon -- newspapers and television news -- are breaking down.
13477- I believe that few wealthy people would refuse to contribute a small portion of their huge wealth for the chance to save the lives of millions of people each year and help the poorest countries get the first foot on the ladder of economic development.
13478- If morality is God's word, atheists should judge these cases differently from religious people, and their responses should rely on different justifications.
13479- New EU "Battlegroups" should be strengthened through regular training and certification, preferably using NATO standards, and the EU Military Committee should hold regular Battlegroup conferences to solicit country contributions to future formations.
13480- The directive firmly, and rightly, frees competition among all trading venues, removing the privileges enjoyed by "official" exchanges.
13481- When forced to cut employment, they are more likely to think that they are destroying lives rather than raising economic efficiency and increasing wealth.
13482- This plebiscite marks the latest stage in a bitter campaign to unseat a president who has already survived a coup, a two-month general strike, and a previous attempt to force a vote on his leadership.
13483- Why should the US bother?
13484- Second, these states possess vital natural resources.
13485- They also lack critical skills. Sadly, African governments have failed miserably in teaching farmers improved methods.
13486- But the ECB was "slow" to cut rates not because of the need for consensus, but because it is a non-activist bank that cuts rates only when the inflation picture justifies it.
13487- In the case of Brazil, with 22% interest and 4% growth, the primary surplus would have to be 4.8% to keep the debt/GDP ratio from rising - an obvious impossibility.
13488- But what if these people get their wishes, and NATO collapses and Islamists triumph?
13489- With the disappearance of the communist world and the failure of its collectivist policies, one would think that this debate had been resolved in favor of the reformist vision.
13490- The program of spreading the liberal order requires a much more sophisticated approach.
13491- Historical experience incites this suspicion.
13492- That would immediately ruin everything.
13493- Even Sub-Saharan Africa, with its wars and famines, has enjoyed more rapid growth in the past few years.
13494- According to this view, the US is especially well positioned to benefit from rapidly falling prices of information technology, owing to its openness to competition and new ways of doing business, particularly in distribution.
13495- This also means that peace-related programs should get priority in budget allocations.
13496- This is cynical and cruel; moreover, it is dangerously wrong.
13497- A century ago, the Ottoman Empire was derided as the "sick man of Europe."
13498- Yanukovich's party contains the largest core of unreconstructed apparatchiks of any party.
13499- The SGP originally aimed to protect European citizens from myopic governments, but it has ended up forcing even more myopic behavior.
13500- Countries such as Brazil and Argentina paid off their loans to the IMF ahead of time, while others are buying up their own debt in secondary markets.
13501- What were the small differences that turned out to matter so much?
13502- Critics point to the string of economic crises in Africa, Asia, and Latin America in recent years, often attributing them to multilateral lenders' demands for full liberalization of foreign trade and capital flows, privatization, and fiscal austerity.
13503- In December 2003, Sakharov Museum director Yuri Samodurov was charged with actions "leading to the provocation of hatred and enmity."
13504- The very character of the war in Iraq has been transformed from a democratizing mission into a stabilizing mission high in casualties and in cost.
13505- This is especially the case in impoverished countries. The increasing population density in rural Africa, with its intensification of farming, is leading to massive soil depletion.
13506- Insect-borne infections are being reported at high elevations in South and Central America, Asia, and east and central Africa.
13507- On September 1, dozens of opposition lawmakers created a primetime spectacle inside Mexico's parliament by occupying the speaker's podium, thereby denying outgoing President Vicente Fox the chance to deliver his final state of the nation address in person.
13508- The Benelux countries, some Scandinavian states, and many of the new Europeans of East Central Europe have chosen traditionally right-of-centre parties.
13509- The Bush administration can be criticized for many other policies, but none are as important as Iraq.
13510- Some FM stations have been locked down and are silent.
13511- Unlike countries such as Mexico, Sweden or Austria, which are not members of NATO but have common borders with it, Russia -- which is much larger and more powerful than all of the Alliance's other neighbors combined -- is consistently disquieted by NATO's presence and is rather displeased to see it enlarge eastwards.
13512- (Italy and Signor Berlusconi are a big exception here.)
13513- Other big winners in terms of real per capita GDP between 2000 and 2004 are Lithuania (up 48%), Romania (up 41%), Estonia (up 40%), Chile (up 33%), Hungary (up 32%), Greece (up 31%), New Zealand (up 28%), Australia (up 25%), Korea (up 23%), Ireland (up 23%), South Africa (up 23%), and Nigeria (up 22%).
13514- We need to celebrate, advertise, and propagandize new innovations only when their success is questionable, before they have become widely accepted.
13515- The tale they tell is one of the failure of democratic institutions as they now stand.
13516- In the United States, President George W. Bush's Commission to Strengthen Social Security cited Siegel for its claim that the government should encourage people to invest in stocks.
13517- In trying to repair communism, he punched a hole in it.
13518- Until 2002, some 3,000 kidnappings were reported each year in Colombia; by 2005, the government had reduced that figure to less than 1,000.
13519- The current combination of exceptionally low yields and high prices suggests that much of the world is in a bond-market bubble, and when it bursts in coming years, a period of higher long-term interest rates and lower long-term bond prices will follow.
13520- Over a period of years, as people see how much new supply there is, they may begin to revise their view that homes are such a terrific investment, causing a gradual, but eventually significant, drop in home prices.
13521- Ironically, Susan Mubarak, says the report, urged the passage of a 1992 law that permitted Egyptian non-governmental organizations to receive foreign funds -- a provision used by some opposition groups -- in order to provide channels for the NGO's she runs.
13522- Is there another agenda?
13523- This autumn, the European Commission is scheduled to issue a progress report on accession negotiations with Turkey.
13524- Poorer or smaller countries can hardly dream of winning a European championship, as Steaua (Romania), Red Star (Serbia), or Nottingham Forest (now languishing in the English third division) once did.
13525- Tanzania has experimented with community-based programs that send health workers to the homes of TB patients in order to monitor treatment compliance and provide support.
13526- Regardless of whether that promise is realistic, many consider her candidacy important for maintaining democratic continuity, whereas Ollanta Humala proposes to overhaul the political system by drafting a new constitution.
13527- Although China has signed the Kyoto Protocol and some 50 other international environmental accords, we do little to honor them.
13528- In Nigeria, an estimated $300 billion in oil revenues entered the government's coffers over the past 25 years, but per capita income remains less than one dollar a day for the simple reason that much of the money ends up in Swiss bank accounts, like the one owned by the late dictator Sani Abacha.
13529- He did worse: he simply took a wrong turn -- and he took it before 9/11, a traumatic event that reinforced, but did not create, America's Manichean view of itself and its role in the world.
13530- Opening the economy and freeing internal markets may well entail sizable redistribution between rich and poor, but in opposite directions in the two groups of countries.
13531- Moreover, a growing number of Latin American countries are veering left, and Hugo Chávez, the belligerent and anti-American Venezuelan president, is becoming increasingly popular in every Latin American country.
13532- The 100 most indebted countries still find the burden of servicing their collective $2.3 trillion in official debt increasingly hard to bear, leaving them hard put to finance national programs spelled out by the UN's Millennium Development Goals (MDG's), which seek to halve global poverty by 2015.
13533- But membership in the EU does not mean estrangement from Russia.
13534- But it is the IMF that should be castigated--for pushing an economic theory that was rejected long ago.
13535- In Asia, Japan ranks above only North Korea in scores on the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) examination.
13536- Europe appears poised to do more, while the US appears to be the main obstacle.
13537- Over this entire 45-year sub-period, output grew at just above 1% annually--the same rate as under the Raj--but yearly population growth soared to 0.8%, causing virtual stagnation of per capita income.
13538- Indeed, the fate of reform in Egypt will in some ways mean either the death or the renewal of the Arab world.
13539- That would be progress indeed.
13540- Banks and insurance companies are to be avoided, on the theory that their activities are usurious and thus prohibited.
13541- Government bureaucrats used to target industrial research in the old days, but these efforts have been largely abandoned since the stock market collapse.
13542- Given the current regional security environment -- international terrorism tied to local, Asian-based terrorists, various challenges to the security of vital sea lanes, North Korea's search for nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles, and China's rapid enhancement of its naval power -- , Asia today is far less stable and more complex than it was when Japan's constitution was written.
13543- Normal financing is not forthcoming.
13544- Similarly, there is evidence that the prefrontal cortex - a key structure in emotional regulation as well as in decision-making and working memory - shrinks in major depression.
13545- Paradoxically, the boldest course would be for the government to stop managing these revenues and turn over a large fraction of these funds directly to the people, as is done in the US state of Alaska and the Canadian province of Alberta.
13546- How much of the second jump in productivity growth will be sustained is uncertain, but it is safe to bet that some of it will.
13547- Immanuel Kant described two types of politicians.
13548- More fundamentally, however, Chinese doctors who use traditional medicine argue that outcome measures of acupuncture as a treatment for stroke should be different from conventional measures used in Western trials, because the theory of acupuncture is different.
13549- China's communist rulers are dithering about how to respond.
13550- That makes her akin to Hillary Clinton.
13551- Thankfully, that seems to be the view at the Bank of Japan, which is fortunate for the rest of the world because corrective measures would be taken quickly if Koizumi's reforms cause recession to plummet into depression.
13552- Europe's experience over the past 10 years teaches that fiscal consolidation must be supported by growth-friendly tax and spending policies.
13553- Feeling sympathy for Norway is hard. Thanks to its massive North Sea oil reserves, the country has achieved a level of wealth unimaginable only a generation ago - and which has allowed it to cold-shoulder the European Union since 1994.
13554- It is a painful procedure carried out in unsafe ways by old women who are seeking to initiate girls into womanhood, and, more concretely, into a life that will be an unending chain of physical pain and social marginalization.
13555- And the center of gravity of that struggle is not just the battlefield.
13556- The journalists were part of a spring sweep that turned 75 Cubans-including librarians, writers, and other professionals-into political prisoners.
13557- Will it, for example, lead to a re-nationalization of Bolivia's vast natural gas deposits?
13558- Demobilization of one large rebel army, the EPL, was so recent a memory that progress with the other two main guerrilla forces fighting in the country's seemingly endless guerrilla wars seemed certain. Both the National Liberation Army (ELN) and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) were involved throughout 1991-92 in apparently serious conversations intended to end their revolts.
13559- The US should be investing much more in peaceful economic development.
13560- The paradigm of international security that had long dominated Japan's defense thinking had shifted and policymakers realized that they had to shift with it.
13561- At the opposite end of the spectrum, the dramatic semi-final between France and Germany in Seville in 1982 produced no political ripples, either for diplomatic relations between the two countries or for relations between the two peoples.
13562- The Maoist ideological mindset grew out of Lenin's theory of imperialism, which, aided by endless barrages of propaganda against capitalism, colonialism, and foreign hegemony, tended to reinforce the sense of national humiliation.
13563- Some 13,000 paramilitaries such as the United Self-Defense Groups of Colombia (AUC), Bloque Central Bolivar, Alianza Oriente, and Vencedores de Arauca now challenge the cocaine Marxists for political control of rural areas.
13564- And while the new Five-Year Plan sets fine goals, many provinces have failed even to meet the major environment protection targets of the last Five-Year Plan.
13565- Often, the people involved in these crimes belong to local gangs or even to the militias of large clans.
13566- When Descartes crossed the Holland Sea, he kept the doll in a small trunk in his cabin.
13567- They may also see in Europe's surge toward economic integration a model for themselves and an inducement to intensifying regional cooperation.
13568- Once privatization occurred, however, USEC had every incentive to keep the material out of American markets, for the Russian material would depress its prices and profits.
13569- Neither does it preclude the use of activist trade and industrial policies in pursuit of economic restructuring.
13570- On issues of foreign and security policy, moreover, agreement among the heavy-weights of the Union is essential for common action.
13571- Most of the time, they agree only to try to put the brakes on firm action.
13572- Once masters of the situation, it is said, the zeal of those who promised reform mutated into a zeal to preserve their private wealth and that of their friends.
13573- In this sense, many societies are already "over-educated."
13574- Having laid the foundations of genuine democracy, our house will not be divided by anyone.
13575- So the "euro triumphalism" that has greeted the dollar's decline is, indeed, premature.
13576- We may dislike it, but the EU is part of our system of government, like municipalities, regions, and nation-states.
13577- The amounts held in reserves are huge - roughly $1.6 trillion worldwide.
13578- Even if there were instant peace, the region will pay the price for Taylor's bloodlust for decades to come.
13579- In view of some big countries' intense national egoism, the failure to agree on the EU's 2007-2013 budget could have ominous political consequences for Europe.
13580- How Lula, a former metal worker and founder of CUT, which also represents most automobile workers, manages relations with the trade unions will be critical.
13581- Transylvania, where the country's ethnic Hungarians are overwhelmingly concentrated, is also Romania's cultural bridge to the West, because this part of Romania belonged for centuries to the Hapsburg Empire.
13582- I stayed silent when the paper's popular cartoonist (Larry Feign) was unjustly dismissed, and remained silent even after its best satirical writer (Nury Vittachi) was sacked.
13583- The US had one of the world's most successful stock markets in the twentieth century.
13584- The means of discussing these questions is known to all and is expressed in all religions and all languages.
13585- Similar rules to govern the conduct of the United States Army during the Civil War have guided the American military since 1863, when a code of 159 articles was drafted by Francis Lieber, a German immigrant who became a professor of law at Columbia University.
13586- Gaining a few Indian computer specialists is a bad reason for allowing "green card" access, if only because such migrants are likely to remain a tiny minority of newcomers.
13587- After the Beslan tragedy, Putin offered an exotic explanation of terrorism: the terrorists, he claimed, are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power.
13588- There were some ups and downs along the way, but the overall trend has been downward, and the magnitude of the decline -- nearly five percentage points -- is striking.
13589- Such differences matter no less in Iraq today, and have done so from the first days of the occupation, when the British took Basra and the Americans Baghdad.
13590- In today's world, such an unconditional definition of sovereignty is inadequate.
13591- In fact, designing in a climate of success can be dangerous for an engineer. Successful experience teaches us only that what has been accomplished in the past has worked.
13592- If, however, the authorities continue their efforts to destabilize the Russian economy, today's disturbing tendencies may actually take root.
13593- Controlling disease requires a health system that can deliver life-saving medications and basic preventive services such as bed-nets to fight malaria and vitamins to fight nutritional deficiencies.
13594- But they also led many to forget less successful moments.
13595- The optimism is premature.
13596- Recently, financial leaders from 184 countries met in Washington at the Annual Meetings of the IMF and World Bank.
13597- Eventually, all the new money will wend its way into reserves, which in effect represent a commitment by countries to help each other in times of trouble.
13598- Almost from the moment of Saddam's fall, Saudi/Wahhabi jihadis poured into Iraq almost unimpeded.
13599- The production, use, and disposal of nanomaterials will inevitably lead to their appearance in air, water, soils, or organisms.
13600- Commitment to participate in the program would, presumably, be long term.
13601- But every gene in a genome is not an entirely new construct, and not all protein sequences are possible--otherwise, the number of different sequences would be vastly greater than the number of atoms in the Universe.
13602- But in the second half of the 1990's, this system began to unravel.
13603- Each discipline has its own language and its own separate machinery.
13604- The puncturing of Japan's asset bubble of the late 1980s merely brought these chickens home to roost.
13605- Like a bad driver, a nation that looks left and right but never ahead is bound to crash.
13606- But with foresight and care, nanotechnology can develop in a manner that will improve our wellbeing and that of our planet.
13607- But when it comes to constitutional symbolism and iconography, Europe is remarkably heterogeneous.
13608- All parties to the Kyoto Protocol, including African nations, have a unique opportunity to influence the post-2012 debate and defend the inclusion of land-use projects in the emerging carbon market.
13609- Now both President Bush and Vice President Cheney are under scrutiny for possible corporate misdeeds while they were in business.
13610- The US, the world's richest country, is the stingiest.
13611- That silence lasted until 1961, when Khrushchev permitted new revelations of Stalin-era crimes.
13612- Complicated strategic interactions exist not only between Israelis and Palestinians, but also within the two sides.
13613- Even in collective tragedies and extreme situations, the writer is searching, through his own vision, strategy, and style, for the destiny of the individual, for the human specificity of weakness and resilience and dreams, for the ambiguities and limits and surprises of individuality caught in the social deadlock.
13614- Most scientists assume that the basics of science are known.
13615- The Council is more likely to accept an option of mounting a punitive program of air strikes - going well beyond what was done in 1998 - on suspected WMD sites, presidential compounds, the Republican Guard and other armed-force targets.
13616- The actions of the British academic unions have Israel as their obvious target.
13617- At the same time, Uribe secured a negotiated agreement to demobilize the right-wing paramilitary insurgents, the United Self-Defense Forces (AUC) and successfully disarmed 30,000 AUCs through a program, called "firm hands, big heart," based on civilian reintegration and financial reparation to victims of their crimes.
13618- The new Palestinian president faces a challenging agenda and high popular expectations.
13619- The state's laicité ‑‑fundamental in most European countries‑‑does not require isolating churches in political ghettoes.
13620- Thereafter, a good Confucian could, with untroubled conscience, scorn the Buddhist renunciation of the world.
13621- Shock-therapy countries saw incomes plunge and poverty soar.
13622- For example, white-tailed deer living in northwestern Costa Rica host six species of tick.
13623- Indeed, according to Sinai, higher oil prices are "the biggest risk...since the bursting of the stock-market bubble in 2000-2001."
13624- What this means in principle can be stated concisely: the EU needs a common foreign policy.
13625- By stealing the economic policy clothes of the Tories, Blair exposed the ambivalent posture of the Conservative Party in Britain.
13626- In a balanced society, health care may not always be the top priority.
13627- China wants to preserve its access to Iranian oil, and Russia seeks to preserve a valuable commercial market.
13628- The same is true with respect to the President's assertion that Israel's permanent presence in Palestinian territories and the non-return of Palestinian refugees to their homes in Israel must be accepted as realities on the ground.
13629- Only devaluation restored growth to these countries.
13630- A second effect follows directly from the first.
13631- The Soviet Union and America had similar interests at the end of the Second World War.
13632- The program has practically been forgotten, and will expire next year unless it is renewed.
13633- The US is the largest source of greenhouse gases, but three quarters of the sources originate outside its borders.
13634- While no regional experience is directly transferable, the Nordic countries have successfully combined social welfare with high income levels, solid economic growth, and macroeconomic stability.
13635- The communist Knight, the new "caballero de la triste figura," a kind of enlightened idiot, blinded by his loyalty to the unreal and by his harsh political correctness, considers Lenin a new Moses.
13636- Finally, adequate representation and the right of each member to have a say in the Fund is a prerequisite of the legitimacy that the IMF needs to fulfill its global role.
13637- More than three quarters of sub-Saharan Africans have no access to electricity, compared to fewer than 14% of Latin Americans and East Asians.
13638- The main challenge for Latin America's new leaders, whether of the left or the right, is to implement reforms that will accelerate growth.
13639- The first change would enable Annex I countries to satisfy a greater share of their increasing climate responsibilities using credits from land-use projects implemented in non-Annex I countries. The second change would allow forestry and land-use projects that are eligible to issue carbon credits to include such activities as re-vegetation, forest restoration, and improved agricultural management.
13640- One evening, I listened to my parents and my grandmother talking about the past.
13641- Italy's Parliament, where Berlusconi's ruling coalition holds an overwhelming majority, has passed four laws designed to safeguard the Prime Minister against prosecution and conviction.
13642- All of this may seem obvious, but we tend not to think of oil prices as being determined by expectations of future prices.
13643- In Iraq, as elsewhere in the Arab and Muslim worlds, a cultural war is being waged between two paradigms: grand narratives that accept and promote a collectivistic understanding (nationalism, socialism, Islamism), versus an implicit paradigm of individualistic modernity that is locally rooted yet informed by the global experience.
13644- Its seven million people cannot survive without a new approach that gives them a chance to grow crops and water their animals.
13645- Cynical forms of pragmatism take the lead, embodied in the principle that the end justifies the means whenever moral imperatives conflict with political interests.
13646- France is also a heavily centralized State, were most civil servants are recruited from a close circle of policy advisers to the top politicians, often educated at the same institution.
13647- All of this is fine for those who practice nepotism.
13648- A little more than a decade ago, Lloyd Bentsen, President Bill Clinton's first Treasury Secretary, tried to ensure precisely that, proposing to use a "BTU tax" to close America's fiscal deficit.
13649- They now have a chance to make good on their word.
13650- But Bush did nothing of the sort.
13651- When he established a close personal and political relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin, he signaled to the world -- and to the EU's sensitive new Eastern European members -- that Germany's foreign policy would no longer be constrained by the past.
13652- With intensification of privatization, the CSRC should be freer to do its job properly. #8.
13653- But what is it that we must believe when each branch of Islam thinks the other one is wrong?
13654- There is not a single plaque commemorating the Leningrad KGB's victims near the site of their suffering.
13655- But he knows something that they don't seem to recognize: Russia's people endorse his policies and do not want them overturned.
13656- Michael Woodford, one of the world's leading authorities on central banking, offers a strategy to break the grip of falling prices.
13657- For most of us, the circle is mid-sized, and working out its precise boundaries -- does it include stem cells, for instance? -- can be a source of anguish and conflict.
13658- Indeed, it may prevent wider agreements from being negotiated.
13659- So it is nonsense to declare that China's currency is currently undervalued.
13660- Or the turmoil throughout the Muslim world could lead to disruptions of oil supplies, with high prices the result.
13661- Ryanair has been a champion of increasing competition in the airline industry, forcing other carriers to reduce fares.
13662- Greater European input might have balanced the "hard power" of the US military machine with the "soft power" of Europe's experience of diversity and of dealing with post-war situations.
13663- This regulatory regime will deny to less-developed countries precisely the kind of technology that they need.
13664- Surely, the inadequacy of financial institutions is not what really retards the growth of these countries.
13665- Don't we all want to know how Bond (oops, I mean Sean Connery) would deal with Iran or North Korea?
13666- Instead I received a short dissertation from one of the female students on how older married women often proposition her in nightclubs.
13667- For NATO would become a framework in which two major powers, instead of one big and 18 smaller ones, coordinate policies and responses to crises.
13668- The welfare state, largely associated with the reformist social-democratic movement, is now reaching its limits in the form of uncontrolled public deficits and unsupportable levels of taxation.
13669- The most openly conservative French government of the past decade was essentially elected by the left.
13670- Today, it applies to Russia in a far more literal way.
13671- The Lessons of Liberia
13672- Now couples are using this technique to avoid passing on genes that imply a significantly elevated risk of developing certain forms of cancer.
13673- Japan in the second half of the 20th century had stable politics, due in large part to a good constitution and democratic institutions.
13674- The Rules of Reconstruction
13675- "Why not free up capital flows and so encourage large-scale lending from the rich to the poor?" we asked.
13676- The silence that surrounded Holocaust survivors during the immediate postwar reconstruction of Europe has been replaced by gestures of contrition and reparation.
13677- Boris Yeltsin was friendly to the West, tolerated open debate, and appointed a few individuals as oligarchs.
13678- In fact, most war is a failure of politics, a failure of political imagination.
13679- This horrible conflict is being addressed through threats of military force, sanctions, and generally the language of war and peacekeeping.
13680- The Soviet economy's decline, meanwhile, reflected the diminished ability of central planning to respond to global economic change.
13681- This trend provides low-quality substitutes for the high-quality fish that we were once accustomed to, and will inexorably lead us toward catching plankton, especially jellyfish.
13682- Its relatively poor business environment was highlighted by the World Bank's latest Doing Business survey.
13683- France will hold a referendum on the Constitution for the end of this month, and a French "No," the British seem to think, might make their problem go away.
13684- Anyone even remotely familiar with the region knows how common is the phrase "the Arab nation" ( watan ).
13685- In recent years, many experts and commentators have said that the Atlantic Alliance would crumble or become irrelevant.
13686- However, the most important reasons that the Islamic world has done worse than Latin America or Southeast Asia seem to be focused around education.
13687- One Bush has practically succeeded another as America's president, and the son of Singapore's founder, Lee Kwan Hew, is to become the country's premier.
13688- But the study also found important differences.
13689- Ideology and values play little role.
13690- Closed political systems and stagnant economies in the Muslim world, they contend, are symptoms, not causes.
13691- Such events have brought old questions back to the fore in almost every rich country: Are bosses being paid too much?
13692- Crony capitalism is not new; nor is it the province of a single party.
13693- Indeed, its popularity is due not only to its fundamentalist Islamic ideology and its commitment to the destruction of Israel.
13694- It is no longer just one side against the other.
13695- The illusion of explanatory depth may stop us at just about the right level of understanding, one that enables us to know how to get more information from others when we really need it without being overwhelmed.
13696- Intravenous drug use is spreading HIV/AIDS in Iran, Central Asia, and the former Soviet Union.
13697- In that two year period, Chavez stepped on the gas for his social reforms -- education, health care, etc. -- and also in regard to breaking down the country's excessive concentrations of wealth.
13698- "Don't extend the fight against terrorism to the producers of weapons of mass destruction!"
13699- Are elements of the political elite appealing to radical Islamist sentiment, as a way of leveraging their power?
13700- Moreover, Georgia's reward for providing a strategic export route to the West for Azeri oil was not dollars, but a diplomatic insurance policy - i.e., Western, especially US, concern for the safety of the pipelines.
13701- A bit of statistical analysis reveals further important patterns.
13702- Although most of its citizens do not realize it, the EU serves as an inspiring example.
13703- Without increased private-sector demand, the removal of supply-side restrictions that fuelled high "classical" unemployment will simply result in high "Keynesian" unemployment in the future.
13704- The middle class likes the tone, but wonders how different the program is from what they hear from the neo-liberal right.
13705- We live in a world with limited resources, so caring more about some issues means caring less about others.
13706- Such classifications probably evolved because they strengthened the cohesion of the "in" group, facilitating cooperation by harnessing hatred for those outside.
13707- In the first weeks after the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon governments all over Europe were certain of public support.
13708- The rebels have modern weapons.
13709- It also contained a series of specific political objectives: decolonization and self-determination of peoples, social progress, and the promotion of fundamental human rights.
13710- Fortunately for Ukraine, its business is private, and a common view of the whole business community is that the electoral rerun must be conclusive.
13711- Only a few hurdles remain before the US can consummate its crony takeover of Iraq's oil.
13712- It goes without saying that it will be essential to establish that governance in Iraq is institutional, not personal.
13713- There was no power, no transport, no organised life of any kind for a period.
13714- But the coalition's choices are extremely limited.
13715- Rather than rich countries giving more lectures about poor governance, real solutions will require that rich countries give sufficient financial assistance to overcome the deeper barriers.
13716- Indeed, from the start, the architects of the Union's Constitutional Treaty never seriously expected that their draft would endure in the form in which they wrote it.
13717- More broadly, the government regards the US as too complacent vis-à-vis Kurdish political developments and unmoved by Turkey's concerns about Kurdish independence.
13718- This is probably one of the most important challenges for today's world, for America retains a unique power that should be used -- and be perceived -- as a force for good if global stability is to prevail.
13719- It would be a move somewhat similar to that contemplated in the US by the Clinton administration, which proposed a tax on billionaires who surrendered their citizenship in order to avoid taxation.
13720- For years, Estonia has participated in various peacekeeping operations and although our contribution is small in numbers, in percentage-terms it is bigger than that of most countries.
13721- Europe is generally considered more a constraint than as a plan, more as an instrument than a vision nourished by a clear and credible idea.
13722- UN Security Council Resolution 1701 "calls for Israel and Lebanon to support a permanent ceasefire."
13723- Incomes stagnated, but the institutional order endured.
13724- Rather than focusing on sanctions, the major powers would do much better to work with Sudan's government to propose and help to finance long-term development strategies.
13725- The new president, Felipe Calderón, has spoken of the need to break up Mexico's monopolies.
13726- Compare this with the US, where participation by women in the labor force also is increasing, despite America's higher fertility rate.
13727- For this reason, there should be two points of contact during a catastrophe.
13728- Confidence is seldom restored as an economy goes into a deep recession and double-digit unemployment.
13729- Containment depends heavily on vaccines, but vaccines are only part of the answer.
13730- Only then can they be assured access to the resources essential for treatment options.
13731- What about the Stern gang's blowing up of Jerusalem's King David Hotel in order to liberate Palestine from the British?
13732- They are acutely aware of their increasing influence around the world, as investors, trading partners, and as contributors to and victims of environmental change.
13733- I found similar growth in the use of these three terms together when I searched in French, German, Italian, and Spanish: 90% of the stories were in 2003 and 2004.
13734- A new No vote can lead to only one outcome: Ireland's departure from the institutions of the EU, one way or another.
13735- Argentina's collapse (its GDP will drop by around 12% this year) is a terrible warning of what can happen if Lula takes a wrong step.
13736- The record slump in the vote for Gerhard Schröder's governing Social Democrats in Germany has little to do with his policy towards Europe, but a great deal to do with the perceived failure of his economic policies - and the persistence of low growth and high unemployment - at home.
13737- India has a 3,000-kilometer border with China, a 2,000-kilometer border with Pakistan (which has been the beneficiary of Chinese military and nuclear assistance), and growing concerns about the security of sea routes in the Indian Ocean over which oil and other trade move.
13738- Respected organizations like Reporters without Borders and Amnesty International have collected ample evidence of violence and intimidation against freethinking Cubans, who can expect a different kind of ring than that from jangling keys.
13739- Language is not just a means of communication. Language is culture.
13740- Healing the Depressed Brain
13741- So it is small surprise that he left office with more than 75% popular support.
13742- The Bush administration's approach to the war in Iraq and its aftermath has been marked by the same unilateralism shown by its rejection of the Kyoto protocol and the International Criminal Court.
13743- Cotton illustrates the problem.
13744- A growing share of undocumented immigration into the expanded Union already comes from this region.
13745- Aided by advanced information technology, financial institutions will be democratized and made available to everyone, which will go a long way toward solving today's problems of increasing inequality and declining economic vitality.
13746- Many of those arrested and prosecuted hail from Xinjiang, an autonomous region in the northwest of the country that is home to a large and restive Muslim population.
13747- Before going into exile, Taylor turned over the presidency to his long-time ally, Vice President Moses Z. Blah, who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over.
13748- They are simply poor, hungry, and disease-ridden.
13749- It is now recognized that this can lead to what economists call "multiple equilibria," but we continue to deny the clear implication that financial markets cannot be left to their own devices.
13750- How victims remember trauma is the most controversial issue facing psychology and psychiatry today.
13751- Logic and reason play no part in it.
13752- North Korea's economy utterly collapsed in the 1990's, leading to widespread famine.
13753- This stance sanctions the use of violence against the Other, whether Christian, Jew, or even other Muslims who do not share their beliefs.
13754- Who has the right to what land?
13755- A key question is whether the Palestinian masses, fed up with their leadership's bickering, corruption, and incompetence, could make their wishes known to find an end to a conflict that has cost them so much.
13756- The usual suspects include protectionist barriers and militant anti-globalization protests of the type that derailed the "Millennium Round" of World Trade Organization (WTO) talks in Seattle last year.
13757- The Tiananmen Square Massacre of 1989 was a tragedy for China, and another tragedy for the twentieth century.
13758- It will produce a "to do" list that will demonstrate how to achieve the most that we can for humanity, which could lead, in turn, to more transparent decision-making.
13759- Look East To Save Europe's Social Market
13760- Yet France and Germany, with Britain and Italy not far behind, say such criticism is outdated.
13761- But the main sources for ancient India are orally transmitted literary accounts dating to the Rigveda (around 1500-1300 BC) and the subjective records of foreign travelers.
13762- Britain's liberal economic principles are more conducive to European economic growth and prosperity than France's protectionist, corporate state ones.
13763- In reality, John Paul II was called "conservative" because he was against abortion and some other progressive ideas.
13764- Not to help us, of course -- at least not to help the city that contains armies of feral dogs, making it appear at times like a ghost town in a Sergio Leone cowboy movie.
13765- We must move to a sustainable energy system, one that does not mean a huge increase of carbon in the atmosphere.
13766- As a policy, the Holocaust was premised on denial -- the physical denial of any legitimate religious, racial, or political difference within Nazi Germany.
13767- This is a pittance in comparison with money raised and spent by US conservative groups.
13768- Intellectual property protection is related to economic development, so the question should be whether China has reached the stage at which effective protection is possible.
13769- How could it be?
13770- This is dangerous.
13771- Western Europe has already experienced three decades of indirect migration into the welfare state, as social benefits have created artificially high wages for the unskilled, simultaneously fueling excessive immigration and unemployment.
13772- Perhaps a divine creator handed us these universal elements at the moment of creation.
13773- They would bring home skills, technology, and connections that are as valuable as the skills that Eto'o, Essien, or Messi bring back to Cameroon, Ghana, or Argentina.
13774- At that point, China might wish it had never heard of Tung Chee-hwa.
13775- Free movement of goods, services, labor, and capital certainly suffices.
13776- That is finally changing.
13777- The agents traditionally used to speed up excretion of inorganic metals from poisoned patients turned out to make symptoms of methyl mercury poisoning worse rather than milder.
13778- The other example is Iraq.
13779- George Soros once made a billion dollars off the Bank of England in just an hour. His basic strategy was a standard one: bet against any central bank that tries to defend an inconsistent macroeconomic policy.
13780- As investment growth slows and export markets endure their unpredictable business cycles and protectionist moods, China will increasingly rely upon consumption for creation of jobs and income -- and the service industry is where most consumption occurs.
13781- Also in December, India became the latest nation to join the EU in the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) team, which aims to produce electricity using nuclear fusion, as happens in the sun.
13782- Of course, some bias is involved here.
13783- Putin Is An Island
13784- Members of NATO share much more than an alliance; we are united by ties of blood and purpose, a heritage of liberty, and a calling to confront extremists' violence -- and defeat it.
13785- Partly thanks to him, this effort to make corporate accounting more transparent was stymied.
13786- It is to be hoped that Ukraine's Russian-speaking citizens, having witnessed the economic despair -- and sometimes the bloodshed -- caused by the Kremlin's manufactured pro-autonomy movements, will realize that they are being turned into Putin's pawns.
13787- As a result of these failures, a global consensus has emerged that the global financial crisis was mismanaged and that reforms are needed in the global economic architecture.
13788- Clearly, the war on terrorism presented China with opportunities to strengthen both its relations with the US and its ties with nations across the Pacific.
13789- So, now the question is not so much the value of patients' reports, but the integrity of medical research and the state of science.
13790- In 1983, a protracted campaign by Western psychiatric professional bodies and international human rights organizations led the Soviet All�Union Society of Psychiatrists and Neuropathologists to withdraw from the World Psychiatric Association so as to avoid expulsion.
13791- The jobs issue could be exploited further by citing poor working conditions, low wages, child labor, and other problems commonly found in developing countries.
13792- The Bonn process established the principle of democratic accountability, gave Afghanistan its first directly elected president, and provided a new constitution that -- approved after genuine debate and compromise -- created a legitimate central government.
13793- In Afghanistan last year, the US installed Hamid Karzai, a former consultant for oil giant Unocal, as interim leader.
13794- President Vladimir Putin undertook a scorched-earth policy in Chechnya, driving many Chechen nationalists straight into the extremists' arms.
13795- Consider what is happening on several floors of a single high-rise office building in Accra, Ghana's capital.
13796- The architects of European integration - Monnet, Schuman, Adenauer, De Gasperi, and others - understood that these ideals could be achieved only by combining and interweaving the practical interests of Europe's countries.
13797- The historian Paul Nolte criticizes Conservatives for being strategically lazy.
13798- This is not a call for total protectionism; the AU's members should compete fiercely between themselves during this stage.
13799- With private-sector demand stalling, the Employment Commission wants the government to serve as employer of last resort.
13800- The skeptics have a point, but they go too far.
13801- Of course, the world has been served a lot worse since.
13802- Similarly, when Chancellor Brandt launched his Ostpolitik two decades later, he was widely accused of selling out to the Communists and jeopardizing West Germany's European and Atlantic destiny, which by this point had become generally accepted.
13803- Chimpanzees, bonobos, and gorillas have long-term relationships, not only between mothers and children, but also between unrelated apes.
13804- Acting prime minister Ehud Olmert and others pointed out years ago that Israel's permanent occupation will be increasingly difficult as the relative number of Jewish citizens decreases demographically both within Israel and in Palestine.
13805- But the scandal that has destroyed his credibility is his refusal for thirteen years to recognize his daughter, Zaraí, a child born of an extramarital affair.
13806- In particular, should governments, especially those that are endlessly building up dollar reserves, instead start thinking about how to build up their roads, bridges, ports, electric grids, and other infrastructure?
13807- Socialism collapsed a decade ago because it became discredited in the eyes of the peoples who lived under it.
13808- During the burst of imperial expansion in Africa that followed national integration and trade liberalization in Europe, colonial powers showed little interest in delineating colonial national boundaries based on cultural or ethnic considerations; they cared only about raw materials and markets.
13809- You cannot do business with the Great Satan.
13810- They would like nothing better than for America and Europe to be at odds, rather than working together.
13811- France's Prime Minister, Pierre Raffarin, defends his government's position by saying that France was not prepared to impose austerity on its own people. If France will not, other European leaders must wonder, why should they?
13812- Stop Digging And Start Thinking
13813- The debate in France is still raging, and nothing is yet lost.
13814- Among those likely to be tried are two of Pol Pot's closest and most powerful cohorts: Nuon Chea, a Khmer Rouge party leader, and Ieng Sary, the former Deputy Prime Minister for Foreign Affairs.
13815- On November 25, 2003, India and Pakistan agreed to a cease-fire along the Line of Control (LoC), the international border that divides Indian Kashmir from Pakistani Kashmir, as well as the actual ground control (AGPL) in strategic Siachen region.
13816- That goal was not a part of the reformers' vision.
13817- Brazil's victory in the World Cup may have no connection with these reforms, but the creativity of that winning team does say a great deal about the spirit of the country.
13818- The directive contains safeguards to limit potential abuse of welfare-state benefits during the first five years, including proof of health insurance coverage and a requirement that sufficient "resources" be shown when a residence permit of up to five years is requested.
13819- But despite global agreement on the need to seize these moments, we too often find ourselves scrambling after the fact, in ad hoc fashion, to convene willing donors and organize teams of experts and logisticians to deliver urgently needed aid.
13820- So we continued campaigning.
13821- Provisions to coordinate national economic policies are probably less of a danger because they are so vague that they could well remain a dead letter.
13822- In fact, if one takes a longer view of real interest rates in the US, calculated by subtracting the previous year's inflation from the nominal government bond yield, one finds that, while they are much lower than 20 years ago, they are not low by historical standards.
13823- Why I Am Challenging Putin
13824- The memory of past wars has faded, and the threat posed by the Soviet Union has disappeared.
13825- For example, we may think that we understand the mind much better than we do when we see images of glowing brain regions.
13826- Of course, not everyone in Europe can be expected to be equally enthusiastic about a stronger euro.
13827- But this fluid hierarchy, an absence of written rules and organizational order, allowed the various seminaries -- and their different interpretive traditions -- to survive despotic political regimes and resist intervention by different dynasties and monarchies.
13828- The Scoundrels of Economic Patriotism
13829- Equally important, the international community must send observers -- and thus a clear signal to the government that any attempt to maintain power by force or intimidation is unacceptable.
13830- The problem is the lack of any coherent policy for ensuring that individuals are protected against a broader array of economic risks to their incomes, investments, and homes.
13831- At the end of the nineteenth century the huge amount of investment and technological progress in America's railroads appeared to benefit everyone but the stockholders and bondholders of railroad companies, as bust followed boom and ramming worthless securities down the throats of investors became Wall Street's favorite sport.
13832- When it does, there is good reason to believe that Iranians will greet their long lost friends with the same friendliness and exuberance that they did sixty years ago in Arak.
13833- It is not like Central Europe, which could leapfrog over some of them by jumping on the NATO/EU springboard.
13834- Instead, defenders of the contemporary equivalent of "rollback" advocate attacking Iran because it is developing nuclear weapons.
13835- Such efforts seem but a part of a surge of protectionism in European political debate about business, especially when it comes to cross-border acquisitions.
13836- The Crown Prince's abdication became inevitable.
13837- Tretyakov is hardly alone.
13838- In 1998, when India tested its nuclear weapons, the defense minister referred to China, and then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee spoke of China as India's number one enemy.
13839- Indeed, thanks to the IMF, we have had ample opportunity to see what happens, both in East Asia and Latin America, when an economy in a downturn tries to balance its budget.
13840- All this may run contrary to conventional wisdom, but who thought that the USSR would disintegrate?
13841- For the Union is also a huge area ruled by law, some concerning production and commercial exchange, but also others that establish and protect individual rights.
13842- Had the Bush administration fulfilled its commitments, Americans taxpayers would have benefited from the elimination of huge agricultural subsidies -- a real boon in this era of yawning budget deficits.
13843- Their current leaders include men like Palestine National Council head Salim al-Zanun and Fatah ideological chief Sakr Habash, who favor continuing to battle Israel until it is destroyed, at which point they will rule Palestine with a relatively secular nationalist regime.
13844- The trouble with reaching definitive conclusions about this or any other contested aspect of India's distant past is that, unlike in neighboring China, there is little in the way of an objective historical record to rely upon.
13845- Evolutionary ideas are born of religion.
13846- In the 1980s, the dollar first soared against the Yen and European currencies, then it collapsed.
13847- In an interview last summer, he depicted a world in which people would fly free and airlines would charge airports in exchange for the millions of passengers they deliver to their shops.
13848- Most of my fellow male faculty members are not muscle-bound, testosterone-driven types, but in their scientific careers, they display two types of typically male behavior.
13849- Under neither of these interpretations can those who negotiated and signed the Kyoto Treaty be said to have served the world well.
13850- This is in stark contrast to the Italian political tradition.
13851- In a final effort to reduce the impact of all these scandals, Toledo published an open letter, declaring that none of his brothers were authorized to represent him.
13852- To this end, we must strengthen the Common Foreign and Security Policy.
13853- The iron laws of evolution governed their survival, and those who couldn't compete died early and were soon forgotten.
13854- Mexicans' obsession with China is no accident.
13855- But recent democratic trends worldwide have now reached the shores of this medieval desert kingdom and can no longer be ignored.
13856- The political and security situation in the vast region between the Indus Valley and the shores of the Eastern Mediterranean is a cause for grave concern.
13857- India's past population growth has been accompanied - if much too slowly and unequally - by improving health, education, and economic welfare.
13858- Economics is a difficult subject, because we cannot conduct controlled experiments.
13859- Yet the Euro idea remains sound and the economic benefits will arrive one day.
13860- An economist by training, Mr. Goncharik has attracted not only the support of the trade unionists he leads, but also of an umbrella organization of political parties that cooperate (with the support of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe) in an advisory council of seven leading opposition parties and in the Consultative Council of Democratic Forces.
13861- A year ago, the United Nations and the Royal Government of Cambodia agreed in principle to establish an "Extraordinary Chambers" composed of Cambodian and international prosecutors and judges to investigate and try the "senior leaders of Democratic Kampuchea and those who were most responsible for crimes" under Khmer Rouge rule.
13862- The government is probably happy with these protests, for they divert attention from the real issue -- the authorities' utter failure to address the fundamental problem.
13863- On the contrary, an endless war waged against an unseen enemy is doing great damage not only to our authority and prestige in the world, but also to our own society.
13864- But West Europeans remember their own traumas, including electricity grid failures and widespread blackouts.
13865- There is a consensus, for instance, on sound fiscal and monetary policies: no one wants to return to the hyperinflation of earlier decades.
13866- On the top chessboard, military power is largely unipolar.
13867- The American university system is not a "two-tier" or "two-class" system but one of almost infinite variety.
13868- The UN's Mandate Gap
13869- It was that of the "melting pot": different peoples made their own contribution to American culture, but, above all, they made every effort to accept what they found and integrate.
13870- But this is a sacrifice that India seems more than willing to make to safeguard its freedoms.
13871- Accountability entails a proper legal basis, clear objectives, well defined relationships between the executive, legislative and judicial branches of government, clear procedures for appointment and dismissal of chief executives, override mechanisms, budgetary accountability rules, and rules supporting transparency.
13872- Such societies should have fewer public firms, and narrower or no ownership separation.
13873- -1.9
13874- While successful twentieth-century insurgencies developed some degree of hierarchy and a political wing, the Iraq insurgency remains a loose, amorphous network.
13875- But if the goal is merely for the communists to retain their monopoly on power, in both Hong Kong and China, then the rot that has settled into Hong Kong's polity and its economy may begin to infect the mainland.
13876- If a government sprang from reasonably fair elections and the elected government is able to fill the most important political offices, the country is deemed "electorally competitive."
13877- This preoccupation with the Middle East is at the heart of young Muslims' politics in British universities, mosques, and websites.
13878- "There are real opportunities for outsourcing to Africa," he says, "but there are barriers, too."
13879- Our visual systems evolved in an environment that contained (mostly) rigid moving objects.
13880- At least in part, it has been known to seek weapons of mass destruction.
13881- The succession was always strictly a family affair, and any disputes remained behind closed doors.
13882- Harvard has now put up a new web-site where vital documents about the Missile Crisis and today's nuclear threats can be found: www.cubanmissilecrisis.org .
13883- Democracy, however, is more than just elections.
13884- If no lender of last resort ensures that credit is available at or below 10%, Brazil cannot be expected to meet its obligations - dealing a terrible blow both to Brazil and the international financial system.
13885- Who are they?"
13886- But the goal is still to build a Malaysia where Malays will always lead non-Malay minorities in shaping the country's future.
13887- But with the onset of the Cold War and the emergence of the non-aligned movement, the intentions of the UN's founding fathers were progressively thwarted.
13888- On the other hand, only the knowledge of our mortality provides our existence with its preciousness.
13889- Indeed, last year saw what may be the largest accounting fraud ever conducted, as a mega-surplus of more than $3trillion for the years 2002 to 2011 was transformed into a $2 trillion deficit.
13890- But most of them are interrelated, and it is unlikely that the ICJ can resolve them when they are truncated into technical arguments about where a defensive wall can or cannot go.
13891- The rule of secular law is the most delicate prerequisite of a liberal order.
13892- Fannie Mae, the government-created entity responsible for providing mortgages for middle-class Americans, helped lower mortgage costs and played a significant role in making America one of the countries with the largest proportion of private home ownership.
13893- All of this suggests that sovereignty must be redefined if states are to cope with globalization.
13894- For most of this enormous country, with its 135 million people and 11 time zones, such signs of the past and the promised business future are regarded as skeptically as proclamations about record harvests under Brezhnev. All of these are seen as Kremlin games, hypothetical and hypocritical, bearing little relation to reality.
13895- Many developing and transition economies, indeed, were told: open up your economy to international trade and that will suffice to ensure competition.
13896- Yanukovich's foreign policy might not be openly subservient to Russia, but it won't also be a clearly pro-western one either.
13897- To paraphrase a famous line from Tolstoy, those loyal to their country are faithful in the same way.
13898- For example, the uptrend in saving in China began at around the same time as its one-child policy was implemented in 1979.
13899- This was not, of course, the first time someone had been detained without explanation in China, so it was not a good omen.
13900- In the meantime, however, Hamas is willing to form alliances with the nationalists, particularly the militant faction of Fatah.
13901- No imaginable solution to their plight seems available.
13902- But America's institutional structure differs markedly from Europe.
13903- The American's excited Russian hosts asked him constantly for his opinion of the palace.
13904- Madonna said that when she met David, he had severe pneumonia and was breathing with difficulty.
13905- Why has the rate of growth undergone an acceleration that is extraordinarily rapid over so short a period?
13906- Generation-long reigns seem to have served Malaysia exceedingly well since independence.
13907- Such "state capture" occurred in Russia in the late 1990's and to an even greater extent under the Kuchma regime in neighboring Ukraine which, ironically, Putin tried to preserve.
13908- Partly as a result of this demobilization, but mostly due to the strengthening of the security and justice apparatus, there has been a 50% reduction in Colombia's homicide rate and a 70% drop in kidnapping in the country, making Colombia's major crime rate equal to that of peaceful Brazil.
13909- Nor does the cash nexus subordinate the individual to the will of the state.
13910- But no practical steps towards membership took place as Europe regularly - and rightly - pointed out that Turkey had failed to fulfill many conditions for membership, especially in regard to respect for human rights and the rule of law.
13911- So what, then, needs doing?
13912- The implications, however, are hardly reassuring.
13913- Aside from a pledge of non-aggression, its central interest is in obtaining economic assistance.
13914- While culture provides some soft power, domestic policies and values set limits, particularly in China, where the Communist Party fears allowing too much intellectual freedom and resists outside influences.
13915- The opposite can occur when someone is viewed solely as a body, and one emotion that supports this outcome is disgust.
13916- It may also be destroying the main pillar of its influence in international politics more broadly--that is, its ability to act as an "honest broker," to use Bismarck's famous phrase.
13917- With its ten new members, the European Union comprises 25 countries and 453 million citizens.
13918- Indeed, one senses a certain satisfaction in some countries that have been the targets of human rights criticism by the US; now they sense an opportunity to turn the tables.
13919- But comparing the results does yield some surprising -- and disturbing -- insights.
13920- Were they worried about offending the Bush administration?
13921- They are either unemployed or working as unskilled laborers in Bulgaria or in the black market abroad.
13922- The report practically calls for ending all support to the Iraqi government if it fails to assume its responsibilities.
13923- Slowly, the state began to be reformed in a more thoughtful way.
13924- That December vote on the EU Constitutional Treaty closed this parenthesis: by approving of it, the Socialists consciously accepted a reformist, social democratic, European identity.
13925- Because America has low inflation and is financially stable, the exchange rate is not the risk factor it was in the 1970s.
13926- Turkey's arrival as a regional power is different in that its democratic structures make an active peacemaker, not a local bully.
13927- Doubters need only recall the unwillingness of Secretary General after Secretary General, from U Thant to Kofi Annan, to meet with -- or, in some cases, even to permit on the UN's premises -- victims of human rights violations who had the misfortune of being born in powerful countries.
13928- In these circumstances, who will administer the evacuated areas until elections are held?
13929- 
13930- Last October, Mohamed El Baradei, the head of the IAEA, announced that Iran had accepted enhanced inspection procedures.
13931- But it is harder to use the rule of law to undermine law than it is to use popular elections against democracy.
13932- Obviously, one's health is an area in which private information can be very private indeed.
13933- China and India, the two largest countries in the world, realize that their high rates of economic growth also depend upon foreign oil.
13934- The state's function should be to enact and enforce laws on corporate governance and taxation of managers' compensation.
13935- Palestinians would be allowed into Israel only at a small number of checkpoints, and the settlers would soon find their own position untenable and return to Israel.
13936- The EU's unanimity rule remains the preferred means for decision-making in this field, although some limited exceptions are discussed.
13937- In return, Stalin's USSR was given a free hand to attack Finland and to occupy Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, as well as a part of Romania.
13938- But how "correct" was Mao?
13939- Given this background, it is no surprise that Poland has forged a type of Catholic ``Europhobe'' who objects to the EU not because of the Euro or some supposed threat to national sovereignty, but because of what Europe represents morally and spiritually.
13940- On the other hand, with Americans controlling Iraq, Syria will find itself surrounded by three unfriendly (if not outright hostile) and allied neighbors: the Americans in the East, and the Turks and Israelis in the north and south, both of which occupy Syrian territories.
13941- We must modify not only the working mechanisms of the UN, but also its composition.
13942- One group of prisoners that will likely benefit from the current situation are Jordanians held in Israeli jails.
13943- For many of them, life seems to become an almost permanent holiday.
13944- Colombia presents the militarized version, with specially trained battalions of soldiers skimming over jungles and mountainsides, spraying defoliants from helicopter gun-ships.
13945- Moreover, they are prone to being kidnapped by criminal gangs, trained to steal or pickpocket, or, worse, placed at the mercy of terrorists for use in attacks.
13946- All sides engaged in mudslinging about who was doing the most damage to the world economy.
13947- Nevertheless, some biologists believe that they are on the verge of creating a microbe in the laboratory.
13948- Encouragingly, all sides appear to accept the results.
13949- Like most subsidies, it is bad economics.
13950- Despite its enviable location next door to the rich and booming US, Mexico's growth has ranged from poor to tepid since its economic crisis a decade ago.
13951- Perhaps because Iraq will define his legacy, he has proven reluctant to let go at a point when his policy appears to be a disaster.
13952- But while downsizing government may be fashionable in the West, now is not the time for slimming down Burundi's state sector.
13953- So, one requirement of treason, virtually everywhere, is that only citizens and permanent residents of a country can commit treason.
13954- Whereas the US now spends nearly $400 billion on defense, the National Endowment for Democracy lives on a budget of some $40 million, a fraction of which is spent in the Greater Middle East.
13955- As the IMF's latest annual report on Russia's economy points out, if the RCB continues to restrain the ruble's appreciation for the sake of growth, the result will merely be higher inflation, which implies that the ruble would still strengthen in real terms, thereby damaging growth.
13956- But if we turn to America's government, we see an enormous pretense that the current budget deficit is not a problem.
13957- Why is the economic mood so negative?
13958- For years, their bravery in bringing about Soviet communism's end created such goodwill that both Yeltsin and Shevardnadze seemed to be able to draw on endless support in the West.
13959- The whole of Germany has been celebrating a never-ending party with guests from all over the world (which was not expected).
13960- A strong safety net and an economy close to full employment provides a conducive environment for all stakeholders -- workers, investors, and entrepreneurs -- to engage in the risk-taking that new investments and firms require.
13961- Cristina dreamed and built her project together with her husband from the start, acquiring more visibility every day.
13962- First, the delay implies a lost opportunity to raise global growth.
13963- Dr. Khan's export of centrifuge technology was unknown to successive governments in Pakistan, says the country's leader, General Pervez Musharraf.
13964- A UN staff protected by US marines simply cannot do that job.
13965- The threat of depleting the world's scarce energy resources has maintained a powerful hold on popular thinking ever since the oil shocks of the 1970's.
13966- Across Central and Eastern Europe, the scene is almost universally depressing.
13967- Millions of families will be divided, and millions of people who work on the other side of the border may lose their jobs.
13968- One read, "Hakimiyet Allah'indir," which roughly translates as "Allah rules" or "power belongs to Allah," a slogan that could be identified with Islamist sentiments.
13969- But over the past 18 months, the specter of Weimar has once again begun to haunt Russia.
13970- But if this were the real reason for the breakdown, one would expect it to be resolved by detailed haggling over the voting arrangements.
13971- He does not match Peter the Great in physical stature, but he has proven to be a gifted politician, capable of grasping, then controlling, the mood of the Russian people.
13972- So, far from having triumphed, international humanitarian law has never been more imperiled.
13973- If Palestinians freely vote for Hamas, their choice is actively opposed.
13974- The "Dornbusch result" is that, in this process, the exchange rate typically overshoots its long run value.
13975- Back then, Muslim thinkers contrasted the decline of their own societies with Europe's dynamism, a particularly painful distinction in light of European successes in colonizing large parts of the Muslim world.
13976- Experience around the world shows that SARS cases must be isolated within a few days of the onset of symptoms in order to control the spread of the virus.
13977- In April 1991 Economy Minister Domingo Cavallo linked the Argentine Peso to America's dollar at a rate of one to one, kicking off an era of radical reform.
13978- So we should expect more bad economic, social, and political news in the years ahead.
13979- To make matters worse, the administration shoehorned FEMA into its massive new bureaucracy, the Department of Homeland Security.
13980- Some parliamentary leaders of Western democracies have approached to this limit, such as Helmut Kohl and his 16 years in office in Germany.
13981- In a recent personal interview in his Frankfurt office, I asked Duisenberg what had been his single most important accomplishment in office.
13982- But after the disasters of the last two decades, including the military debacle in Afghanistan and the ruinous barbarity of the Chechen war which has blown back its violence into Russia's cities, ordinary Russians are less enamored of military might.
13983- Thirty percent of its population of 230 million is below age 15, so Indonesia's economy needs to grow at 8% simply to absorb the new workers.
13984- To be effective, elections must be preceded by an extensive period of debate and argument.
13985- These intuitions reflect the outcome of millions of years in which our ancestors have lived as social mammals, and are part of our common inheritance.
13986- But if we fail to make provisions for lives that are longer, many elderly people will be condemned to poverty.
13987- Last spring China appeared to have locked up a Russian commitment to build a pipeline to service the China market at Daqing.
13988- So the countries that benefit from this largesse have a responsibility to speak up for the constituents who help keep their economies afloat.
13989- Finally, the market-timing practices of mutual funds that have been revealed to date simply don't amount to all that much in the broader scheme of things.
13990- The third is to reduce the size of welfare for all because political support for it is declining.
13991- After all, the issue at the heart of this conflict is this: who dominates the Middle East -- Iran or the United States?
13992- One cannot commend the 1990's Clinton-Gore administration for taking any brave steps aimed at radically reducing carbon emissions.
13993- There are also fears that the splintering of Dokubu's militias has created fertile ground in the Delta for Islamist groups.
13994- 0.1
13995- Success as Mayor of Bucharest will boost his chances, and what better way is there for a politician to promote himself than by "cleaning up" some seemingly intractable problem -- particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair.
13996- So the authorities responded quickly to the Bush administration's request for Turkish troops to join the coalition, although the idea was stillborn - rejected by both the Kurds and the American-appointed Governing Council in Iraq.
13997- Bernanke will therefore have to be careful about over-generalizing from his past research, just as medical specialists must be careful not to over-diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over-prepare to fight the last war.
13998- And, in Israel, fulfilling it will be no small achievement.
13999- Import substitution takes place before your eyes: a clothing store that last year sold only imported apparel, now sells only domestically produced goods.
14000- So more government spending is needed to maintain public services at the same level - and to keep unemployment down.
14001- Having tied themselves to Russia's existing power structures, liberals are now in no position to become convincing critics.
14002- Traditionally, Shiite seminaries were rather unorganized, unstructured places, based on pre-modern styles of management.
14003- For example, the transitional phase is a period in which public debt inevitably increases.
14004- This might be done in several ways.
14005- And so it was with most people in the Muslim world, who were as appalled as anyone else at the carnage of the terrorist attacks on Washington and New York.
14006- The Indian-run lodge I visited is part of a $175 million ecological tourism industry that has been growing at 20% a year precisely because of the country's natural splendor.
14007- The problem is not only, or even mainly, the IMF's delay in providing money to Argentina.
14008- With a Muslim President, a Sikh Prime Minister, a Hindu Foreign Minister, and a foreign-born Christian President of its ruling Congress party, India is as remarkable a success story as the twenty-year boom that China's Communist Party has delivered.
14009- On January 1, 2007, Ban Ki-Moon, South Korea's former foreign minister, will become United Nations Secretary-General, following Kofi Annan's ten-year tenure.
14010- The victory over fascism, because so many of its participants remain active, is a living event in our memory.
14011- Historically marginalized and impoverished indigenous peoples make up between 25% and 40% of Ecuador's population.
14012- The European Central Bank has indicated that the Pact's collapse could force up Euroland interest rates.
14013- In the general election in March 2004 -- the first since Mahathir stepped down after 22 years in power -- moderate Muslims helped Abdullah Badawi to a landslide victory.
14014- Security and global influence are not the only benefits that come through military expenditure.
14015- American foreign policy should have a general preference for multilateralism, but not all forms multilateralism.
14016- These multiple tasks make economic reconstruction fundamentally different from "development as usual."
14017- The Bush Administration's fiscal policies, combined with the bursting of the US financial bubble of the late 1990s, have pushed America onto an unstable fiscal trajectory.
14018- But military options are less attractive when carefully analyzed.
14019- Indeed, each side says that the other struck first.
14020- Europe lags behind the US in R&D, and its stinginess over defense contributes mightily to a growing high tech "investment gap."
14021- So there may be something in this "cultural" explanation.
14022- Suppose that in this limited sense the settlements are unlawful.
14023- In fact, Russian officers are welcome to participate in military exercises and to visit NATO headquarters under the Partnership for Peace program.
14024- But long-term relationships are based on friendship and respect; coherent, well-argued positions will earn that respect.
14025- Indeed, Edmund Stoiber's economic policies as premier of Bavaria were (and are) no less interventionist than those of Schröder.
14026- But exports are not the only key factor: even more important are the export sector's links with other domestic sectors. Pure extraction of mineral resources, as well as maquila -type manufacturing -- common in Mexico and Central America -- generate little additional demand for domestic industries and thus have only limited growth effects.
14027- Suddenly they found themselves desperately over-extended.
14028- But, in the longer term, those limits on federal power will push Iraq toward a sectarian scramble for power and revenue.
14029- On the contrary, the historical record shows that Germany made the case for a parallel drive to monetary and political integration well before the fall of the Iron Curtain.
14030- As long as the Middle East remains a place where freedom does not flourish, it will remain a place of stagnation, resentment, and violence ready for export."
14031- Finally, of what value is the right to vote without recognition of the right to a certain minimal standard of living, as enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights?
14032- His middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow.
14033- Until now, the main worry for most experts on globalization has been excessive government intervention in the economy. The Commission fears just the opposite.
14034- There is nothing that undermines confidence in an economy so much as recessions; and there is nothing that undermines confidence in a government's ability to manage the economy so much as ongoing failure to address either the extremes of inflation or persistent stagnation.
14035- In recent years, the International Olympic Committee and other sports organizations have worried about the possible misuse of gene-transfer technology.
14036- A new generation of politicians is ready to carry the torch onwards.
14037- Today, the previously unknown crimes committed by Saddam's regime against numberless thousands of Iraqis are being revealed.
14038- This leaves two possibilities: a coalition between the CDU, its Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union, and the liberal Free Democrats, or a grand coalition between the SPD and the CDU.
14039- But the misuse of military resources can also undercut soft power.
14040- Greater legally respected decentralization in Ukraine, especially in Crimea, would be a logical and overdue "state nation" policy.
14041- There are municipal councils in nearly every major city and in most towns and villages.
14042- Yet the party might have a better sense of what is viable not just today, but also tomorrow -- at the next election, for example.
14043- But we can't do everything.
14044- It allows him to trumpet Thailand's strategic objectives and the region's major issues, sometimes in confrontation with the interests and the demands of the West.
14045- But while America's hard power dominates the world scene, its soft power declined this year.
14046- Nevertheless, Zidane will remain a global icon, owing to his profoundly human character and his extreme simplicity.
14047- Now it is no longer so sure.
14048- domestic American law in accordance with the rights guaranteed by the US Constitution;
14049- Some say that the real point is the risk of attack and the destruction that might occur if weapons of mass destruction are deployed.
14050- This sort of thinking is the surest way to block enlargement.
14051- First, unlike the postcommunist countries of Central Europe, they lack Western political and philosophical traditions.
14052- Many ill-managed public or semi-public enterprises only survive because they are saturated by state subsidies.
14053- These two versions of the Chavez years are both distorted &#45;&#45; to a certain degree &#45;&#45; by nostalgia.
14054- In fact, the friction generated by electoral politics is likely to stoke resentments within Shia and Sunni communities as well.
14055- So investors know that even if a Federal agency like the SEC overlooks or ignores serious regulatory problems, another regulator might step in.
14056- So who is responsible for the fact that liberal democracy has ended in Russia?
14057- Barriers among developing countries are also especially high, impeding rapid growth in trade between them.
14058- Unfortunately, this is typical of Chirac's leadership style: blame others, excuse yourself, and ignore reform.
14059- There are ongoing efforts in Africa and elsewhere to internationalize a campaign that seeks to bring to galvanize public awareness of the dark fact that, in many countries, women remain mere commodities at the disposal of tradition.
14060- As always with crude generalizations, elements of truth are intermixed with a mass of confusion.
14061- Where Putin has failed is in fostering democratic governance.
14062- Beyond this, environmental concerns must be integrated more fully into development policymaking.
14063- The US military's impressive work in providing humanitarian relief after the Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004 helped restore America's attractiveness, and enhanced its soft power.
14064- So far, the Southern African Development Community (SADC) has been acquiescent in the face of Mugabe's abuses.
14065- But this is still not enough: it is generally acknowledged that average growth rates of around 6-8% are required if Africa is to make real headway in curtailing poverty.
14066- The third reason is bureaucratic capture: just as the principal aim of Bush's Medicare Drug Benefit bill of 2003 was to boost pharmaceutical company profits, so the Bush administration's Social Security proposal will most likely be tailored to the interests of Wall Street.
14067- But Latin America is deeply troubled; it needs decisive, bold leadership at home and imaginative, unwavering support abroad.
14068- Hiding behind the originality (in French presidential politics) of her gender, Royal has avoided specifying a detailed program.
14069- Owing to its huge subsidies, America exports cotton, and it would import little even if formal barriers are removed.
14070- Anyone who has visited China's large cities over the past few years must be impressed by the energy, pace, and scale of development.
14071- One year after the Indian Ocean tsunami, what are the lessons?
14072- And what about people whose reason for wanting to die is not related to their medical condition at all?
14073- If an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment, knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death, why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment, but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome, be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden?
14074- Its open ties to the extremist regime in Kabul with its support for international terrorism blackened Pakistan's image.
14075- China has tripled the size of its economy in the past two decades, and has been increasing its military strength.
14076- He is not naive, and knows that patience, compromise, and a policy of small steps are often needed.
14077- The results were much the same when I searched "outsourcing," "jobs", and "China."
14078- The European Commission recently proposed important changes to how the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP) is to be implemented.
14079- Most of Hong Kong's people now recognize that their stagnating economy is not merely a matter of bad policy.
14080- While this does not guarantee that no relationship exists between religion and discrimination against women, it suggests that if such a tie does exist, it is unrelated to female labor market participation or preference for sons.
14081- Capitalist economies are not self-adjusting: market forces might eventually restore an economy of full employment, as Keynes said, but in the long run we are all dead. Keynes proposed clear prescriptions for hard economic times: expansionary monetary and fiscal policy.
14082- These are not idle questions.
14083- In essence, the US is lashing out at its own banker, even as it asks the banker for yet more loans!
14084- Under pressure from global civil society, the IMF finally did agree to an enhanced debt forgiveness program for the poorest countries.
14085- Like a hole in a dam, once pent-up pressure began to escape, it widened the opening and tore apart the system.
14086- One of the reasons is that these countries did not have colonies and political alliances to support.
14087- Asian disunity can be overcome only if Asia as a whole confronts a common enemy.
14088- But there is enough evidence to believe that both anatomically modern humans and Neanderthals began burying their dead 100,000 years ago - and probably before, as suggested by the recent dating at 160,000 years of a Neanderthal burial site at Tabun, Israel.
14089- Instead of capital flowing to economies on the world's periphery, it is leaving them and flowing to economies at the center.
14090- There must be certain accepted rules of the political game that are binding on all, so that whoever does not accept or obey them is disqualified.
14091- Given North Korea's past deceptions, and the difficulty of verifying denuclearization in a totalitarian country, a verifiable agreement will be difficult to reach.
14092- So a second condition must be applied: in such cases aid flow should be kept completely out of public channels and administered by non-local groups un-associated with local elites and governments.
14093- Will today's reform paralysis outside Asia continue?
14094- Worried about an invasion of migrant workers from the new member states of Central and Eastern Europe, the old EU members have erected high barriers in order to prevent the flow.
14095- Loose talk about resurrecting a multi-polar world is just that -- loose talk. It is neither feasible nor desirable for Europe to establish itself as a geopolitical equal or competitor of the US.
14096- For when people do not believe that their government adheres to this higher spirit of law, no constitution is worth the paper it is written on; no business transaction is safe.
14097- There is also the selection bias that we infer from looking at the twentieth century, the most successful in terms of economic growth in human history.
14098- Israel had been caught by surprise, because good intelligence was misinterpreted in a climate of arrogant over-confidence.
14099- The Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen has emphasized that most famines are associated not with a shortage of food, but the failure to get food to the people who need it, largely because they lack purchasing power.
14100- The Socialist will decide on November 17th who will be their candidate.
14101- By doing so they strengthen our democracies in ways that no other people can.
14102- The devastating Kashmir earthquake is once again testing the skills of one of the world's great political survivors.
14103- That advice was misguided.
14104- An overwhelming sense of inferiority, and our efforts to deny it, inspired the most scandalous aspects of Ukrainian political life.
14105- Moreover, while Nigeria is formally a democracy, the balance of power between citizens and public officials, including those at state and local government levels, is skewed in favor of the latter by virtue of their easy access to oil revenues.
14106- So he knew what was wrong and appreciated that it had to be fixed carefully and patiently, by engaging the staff rather than intimidating them.
14107- Perhaps more to the point, they feel that as long as a European security system is not in place, they may yet need the US to defend their security and independence.
14108- Under Yeltsin, despite the chaos of flawed markets and an even more flawed democracy, there was a sense that things were moving forward.
14109- Every now and then a few were caught, sterilised and released.
14110- America and other advanced countries are the real losers from the demise of the Doha Round.
14111- Of course, our Orange forces are not perfect, and Viktor Yanukovich -- who again opposes Ukraine's democrats -- is not Stalin reincarnated.
14112- Although some of those convicted of endangering state security are charged with violent crimes--for example, two Tibetans were recent sentenced to death for "inciting separatism" and setting off bombs--the great majority involve non-violent speech and association.
14113- Effective surveillance of climate conditions and of the emergence or resurgence of infectious diseases (or their carriers) should be a global priority, as should providing preventive measures and treatments to at-risk populations.
14114- It would be absurd if New York pursued a different foreign policy than Texas.
14115- Kant's second type is the moral politician , who rejects cynical pragmatism but does not succumb to naive moralising.
14116- The killing of innocent people by suicide bombs or other acts of violence cannot be condoned; and
14117- If the challenge is met, by the time Turkey and the Union reach a final decision, both parties will have changed profoundly.
14118- Europe must rely on alliances to exercise power, and these are likely to depend on America for some time to come.
14119- Years from now, historians will likely label the opening years of the twenty-first century the "Age of Terrorism."
14120- The military brass act as they do for essentially the same reason.
14121- China's technological capacities in this sector lag behind even other developing nations such as India and Pakistan, and its reliance on coal is one of the greatest threats to the global climate.
14122- Yet, the towers could have been a symbol of worldwide poetry, not commerce.
14123- After all, most US voters can be trusted not to learn how other countries, let alone countries in the Far East, really work.
14124- They issued a declaration calling for action now, so that extreme poverty can be dramatically reduced by the year 2015.
14125- Only the power bureaucracy mattered.
14126- "Systems" biology is biology that recognizes that what remains the same is the design of the boat -- that which determines the relationships between the planks.
14127- Mankiw's standard description of outsourcing is very much like mine -- indeed, like that of all neoclassical and neoliberal economists -- and goes something like this:
14128- "This must be an exception," they kept repeating, like a mantra or a prayer.
14129- To maintain the fixed exchange rate the Chinese central bank would need to offset this by increasing the money supply--the opposite of what it set out to do in the first place.
14130- Hundreds of millions more live in fragile habitats on the steep slopes of mountains, or in semi-deserts, or in rain-fed regions where crops fail regularly when rain doesn't arrive.
14131- After World War II, many countries with parliamentary systems reduced the likelihood of such instability by adopting the so-called "constructive vote of no confidence." Before a no confidence vote can be held, agreement must be reached on a new government majority to take its place.
14132- Meanwhile, tolerance degenerates into multicultural segregation.
14133- Partly in response to this challenge, Anwar was sacked. 
14134- While opponents of globalization still fight "neo-liberal" policies, political discourse has taken a new turn.
14135- Unfortunately, the US government has not kept up.
14136- Understanding the Arab Military Mind
14137- Rebuffed but undaunted, Ríos Montt founded a political party, the Guatemalan Republican Front (FRG).
14138- Among the most important rules of the game are those about competition.
14139- Given their self-righteousness and lack of historical and cultural awareness, Bush and his advisors believed that invading Iraq would be easy, that Saddam Hussein's military would crumble, and that the US would be welcomed as a liberator.
14140- This mechanism for the deliberately progressive construction of a unified polity out of nominally sovereign states is unprecedented in human history.
14141- Opposition leaders do not like the subject, but they avoid challenging it.
14142- Bush convinced people that he is good for American security by playing on the fears generated by the 9/11 attacks.
14143- While we will never be able to prevent all abuses, we can get the incentives right.
14144- The US is the only country with large state of the art air, naval, and ground forces capable of global deployment - thus, the quick victory in Iraq last year.
14145- Some politicians and pundits maintain that Communism merely collapsed under its own weight - again, owing to "objective laws" of history.
14146- In Iraq, a technical majority in a wholly legal election is almost meaningless if the position of Sunni Muslims and Kurds is not explicitly recognized.
14147- The most crucial questions concern reform of the al Shura (consultative council).
14148- In theory, the resource requirement must be tailored to the individual circumstances of the immigrant.
14149- I obtained a law degree to help advocate for members of my community.
14150- The best evidence for continuing confidence in the integrity of US securities markets comes from foreign investors, who would be among the first to flee if they feared rampant corporate fraud and inadequate regulation.
14151- Governments in developing countries have the correct answer to the problem of revenue instability: expenditure flexibility.
14152- But climate change alters everything.
14153- The generalized official verdict, and the use of Lin Piao (once Mao Zedong's Vice President and designated heir, who rebelled against him) and the "Gang of Four" as scapegoats, obscures the crimes of Mao and the Party, as well as the entrenched flaws in the system.
14154- Consider Muhammad Yunus, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last October.
14155- Arab writers and artists invited to Saddam-sponsored cultural events would invariably find a pleasant surprise when opening brief cases distributed as presents--wads of dollars would be stuffed inside.
14156- In a democracy, standard restrictions regulate the time, place, and manner of speech in order to prevent imminent violence and civil disorder.
14157- The unfolding Enron scandal brings new meaning to two favorite American sayings: ``What goes around comes around,'' and ``People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.''
14158- The bad news is that the 40,000 foreign troops in Afghanistan are not enough.
14159- No limits were ever imposed on players' movements, except by Communist countries.
14160- In Monterrey, rich countries can show the rest of humanity, especially the poorest of the poor, that they've gotten the message.
14161- The effects of population aging will become even more obvious and widespread in the decades ahead, as domestic labor supply in rich countries shrinks even further.
14162- Crossings at Polish border stations quickly fell by over two thirds.
14163- Pinochet's Trial, Chile's Dignity
14164- -2.8
14165- Without doubt, those willing to strike -- either alone or in a coalition -- have a range of options, ranging from naval and air blockades to targeted raids, sabotage inside the country, and massive attack from without.
14166- It is a glorious welcome, even in fog.
14167- Because there are tradeoffs, these decisions can only be made as part of a political process.
14168- The history of developed-country bond markets in the last half-century is relatively straightforward.
14169- Tony Blair is right to call on his rich-country colleagues to follow through on their unfulfilled promises.
14170- So Prince Turki al-Faysal, the long time head of Saudi intelligence, has met with Meir Dagan, the head of Israel's Mossad, while Bandar met with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert in Jordan the same month.
14171- The options vary from resumed inspections to `regime change'.
14172- What a damaging blow to the extremists, whose ideology the voters so clearly rejected.
14173- Regardless of who comes to power, the West should channel a larger portion of the billions of dollars in development aid each year, including the newly approved $535 million for the country from the UN's Millennium Challenge Account, to foster a local spirit of natural capitalism instead of providing charity.
14174- If anything, bias toward males is stronger in Christian families.
14175- Thus, each nanomaterial may behave differently.
14176- The trappings of entrepreneurial culture are everywhere.
14177- The other bloc offers the near-certainty of a return to a surly and squalid isolation ­ -- perhaps the beginning of the end of our hard-won independence.
14178- These estimates, together with poor countries' additional needs when natural catastrophes strike, imply that the potential legal demand for medicinal opiates is even higher.
14179- If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about him began, it would be the time -- starting after September 11, 2001 -- when he began to emphasize his own "faith" as a motivating factor in his moral stand.
14180- Prodi, a convinced European, is less likely to favor a weak euro.
14181- The MBCT approach helps participants in the classes to see more clearly the patterns of the mind and to learn how to recognize when their mood is starting to sink.
14182- In Mexico, Chávez's admirer Andrés Manuel López Obrador would have seized the presidency, possibly for life, had he convinced just a quarter percent more Mexicans voters to support him.
14183- Some, of course, may fear a loss of democratic accountability.
14184- And French businesses don't see it as their role to solve the problems of the suburbs.
14185- What level of improved productivity can America expect in future years?
14186- In this context, Europe's dickering over Turkey's possible membership in the European Union takes on a special significance for the world.
14187- In Plato's ideal republic, children would be separated from their parents at birth, so that ``no mother shall know her own child.''
14188- Time for China to Float
14189- Lenders provide money when times are good, but want their money back when, say, energy prices plummet.
14190- Back then, Colombians rejoiced at the prospects for peace, political change and economic progress.
14191- This positive spirit can be nurtured by Russia's government, which usually has cordial relations with the Vatican.
14192- The People's Republic now embodies two systems: the centralized, autocratic Communist administration, dominated by an outdated ideology and military interests, and the decentralized free-market economic regime.
14193- Craving one seems to be a desire, like fine wine, that one discovers only when one has substantial wealth.
14194- Since Confucianism was essentially an agnostic ideology, concerned with the management of the visible world, the post-Confucians experienced little of the spiritual angst that afflicted Hindus, Muslims, and Christians in their collision with the "materialism" of industrial society.
14195- This question is not merely theoretical.
14196- Threatening resignation is nothing new to Shevardnadze, who has employed such threats successfully throughout his career.
14197- In the executive branch, the council of ministers is balanced among Christians and Muslims in order to encourage, indeed force, cooperation and to avoid the risk of domination the fear of oppression by one group.
14198- I wish I were joking, but I am not.
14199- At the same time, the protection that American forces offer Iraqi officials will diminish as troops are gradually withdrawn, and Iran will race to fill the security vacuum.
14200- If President Bush then opts for regime change, Europe should not opt out.
14201- That is the one part of the European constitution that urgently needs to be rescued.
14202- Moreover, the division of labor between the US and Europe isn't functioning in the time-tested manner of old: the ongoing war in Iraq is gnawing at America's military capabilities and resulted in a crisis of moral and political legitimacy of the US across the Arabic/Islamic world.
14203- While the Iranian regime continues to be belligerently anti-American, the Iranian people are overtly pro-American.
14204- Appeasement at Munich in 1938--the "peace in our time" which really meant surrender to a vicious dictator--incited disaster.
14205- Latin America's native peoples have awakened.
14206- Toledo claimed that he would send all dishonest officials to prison - words that captured the imagination of Peruvians, who yearned to see criminal politicians brought to justice.
14207- His petition was first denied by the Guatemalan electoral authority and then by the Supreme Court.
14208- It wasn't terror that was the basis of Stalin's power, but his complete monopoly on information.
14209- Do NGO's make world politics more democratic?
14210- Politicizing EU Competition Policy
14211- -0.1
14212- None of the preconditions of economic development will be met in SSA until the legacy of colonialism and weak states that has defined the region is overcome.
14213- In some fundamentalist circles, and among the terrorists, Western culture evokes repulsion, not attraction.
14214- While the distribution profiles between employees and revenue could be sharply dissimilar in some companies, on average they were almost identical: for a sub-sample of 73 companies among Europe's top 100, the home base represented 37% of employees and 35% of revenue on average in 2005, while the rest of Europe accounted for 29% of employees and 28% of revenue.
14215- For them, Israel's pre-1967 borders, the entire city of Jerusalem, and the West Bank of the Jordan River is land given to the Jewish people by God.
14216- Instead, the EU talks of a "code of conduct" (which probably does not mean very much, but sounds nice) and "free trade" (another charming euphemism for arms exports to dictatorships.
14217- There are four such global hot spots: the borders between the US and Mexico, Spain and Morocco, Greece (and Italy) and the southern Balkans, and Indonesia and Singapore (or Malaysia).
14218- It has a unique capacity to rebound, and it controls unparalleled military, intellectual, economic, and even political resources.
14219- Even so, the principle is surely right: universities must be set free.
14220- Empowering citizens by giving them money could rectify this imbalance and so improve accountability and the functioning of democracy.
14221- You might, for example, have extra checkups to detect early signs of the diseases that you are most at risk of contracting, or you could alter your diet to reduce that risk.
14222- As a psychotherapist specializing in homosexuality, I have been consulted many times by anxious parents terrified that their little boy is gay (at age five!): he likes to play with dolls, enjoys the company of girls, refuses to play soccer.
14223- For Italy, the obvious solution is to strengthen the country's investigative and financial institutions, and improve the design of regulatory agencies, particularly the quality of their personnel.
14224- In some regions, such as the Andes and Central Asia, the problem is primarily geographical isolation.
14225- Alternatively, another international force may be able to accomplish more than its predecessors, which mostly waved at the terrorists as they passed.
14226- With so much being written about Putin's Russia, the rest of the country is often overlooked.
14227- The types of risks traded on electronic marketplaces are steadily expanding.
14228- This was a timid but helpful initial step in the right direction. But an explicit price-level target would help more.
14229- Some economists point to imperfect information, which precludes companies from considering the higher returns on investment available in the developing world.
14230- The poor in poor countries, however, fare worse, as do some poor people in rich countries.
14231- More than 2 billion of the world's 6 billion people live within 100 kilometers of a coastline, and so are vulnerable to ocean storms, flooding, and rising sea levels due to global warming.
14232- Most people who couldn't possibly afford such a vacation home probably don't miss it.
14233- What's new is the fact that many of today's center-right governments are supported by populist or nationalist parties.
14234- Other recent examples include threats vis-à-vis Chad, Ethiopia, Haiti, Kenya, Bolivia, Uganda, and long-standing sanctions against Myanmar.
14235- Fearing retribution by the Tutsi-dominated army, large numbers of Hutu fled the country while armed rebels engaged the army.
14236- There is no real treatment for methyl mercury poisoning.
14237- Nor should France and Germany regard support for the US in the candidate countries as tantamount to approval of a war against Iraq or any other country.
14238- A newer insight would be: multilingualism broadens the mind.
14239- The imperial statues are toppled, cities and streets renamed, the vestiges of foreign rule either abandoned or adapted.
14240- It offers a moment to examine why they are so enfeebled.
14241- The closest adjective used in the Rome Statute is "clearly excessive" force.
14242- Indeed, only the continuance of a vast global threat can justify the existence of Russia's armed forces at their current size of 1.2 million personnel, as well as the current conscription system--deeply resented by oridinary Russians--and a reserve of many millions.
14243- Behind the phenomenon, the nagging question remains: why is terrorism different, why does it require a special definition, why are we more afraid of this form of violence than other criminal acts?
14244- In the 1950's the British sociologist T. S. Marshall wrote about the progress of rights, from civil rights in the 18
14245- A huge Russian garrison remains deployed in Transdneister, where it rules in collaboration with local gangs.
14246- While the US Social Security System now faces a problem with under-funding, so do a large fraction of America's private pension programs.
14247- These scenarios span the spectrum from a mere disruption to a lasting reduction.
14248- China's government today might find some useful lessons in the apparently remote dramas of the 1970's.
14249- Under the Barcelona Accord of 1995, the European Union offered aid and trade to several Arab countries, in exchange for progress on democratic reform.
14250- Why shouldn't winners compensate the losers?
14251- But as long as these economies churn out new desires, outsourcing represents an opportunity for prosperity on both sides.
14252- Old and Aging Europe
14253- Americans find it hard to understand this, as do others in the lucky democracies of the Anglo-Saxon world.
14254- Queues of astrologers now reportedly camp outside the young Aliyev's home in Baku.
14255- But in future decades, priorities will change.
14256- In the event, it put him into the leadership of the insurrection that toppled Sánchez de Lozada.
14257- In Russia, an independent central banker, Viktor Gerashencko, could not be removed for years, though he tolerated both inflation and corruption.
14258- Defenders of privacy have worked, with some success, to prevent insurance companies from requiring genetic testing before issuing life insurance.
14259- The war on terror need never end; because the terrorists are invisible, they will never disappear.
14260- Recently discovered documents reveal that hundreds of them received money and gifts from Saddam or his henchmen.
14261- Regardless of whether we agree with the economists, everybody must admit that we cannot do everything at once.
14262- But there is a critical difference between the Russia of today and even Yeltsin's early postcommunist Russia.
14263- · Third, Brazil is coming out of its economic shell, competing in world markets rather than protecting national markets.
14264- I must confess that I also tried, several times, to get rid of that inner self, to find a surrogate capable of representing me better on the social scene.
14265- Above all else, the honest politician willingly shoulders this burden.
14266- On the contrary, psychological studies invariably show that people care not only about their absolute income, but also about where they stand in the social pyramid and whether their position is fair.
14267- Saudi intellectuals attribute the lack of voter interest to the absence of free expression and assembly, which frustrates genuine political participation.
14268- He still heads the PLO, the only Palestinian entity recognized by Israel, and could deal with Israeli leaders under this umbrella, independent of Hamas control.
14269- But, of the more than 600 CEOs who signed by the deadline, not a single one admitted major error.
14270- So is he on the way out?
14271- Are We Running Out of Oil (Again)?
14272- Indeed, Article 53 of the Charter defined the formerly fascist Axis countries as "enemy states" of the UN, so that Italy had to wait until 1955 to become a member. Japan joined only in 1956 and Germany in 1973.
14273- The list of Taylor's crimes is long, and the evidence against him is overwhelming.
14274- Mexico Steps Beyond the Labyrinth of Solitude
14275- Admittedly, going to war is much less an anathema for Britons than for continental Europeans.
14276- That perception may be largely true, but not entirely so.
14277- Once investors see that Brazil's fiscal policy is sustainable, and they see continued low interest rates in the industrial core, Brazil will look more attractive.
14278- They provide both maxims for action and a language to "sell" such action to the wider public.
14279- Of course, government, like the private sector, must strive for efficiency.
14280- This renews concerns that the country may not be able to avert a replay of the painful boom -- and-bust cycle such as the one it endured in the mid-1990's.
14281- One worry is about what the philosopher Margaret Olivia Little calls "cultural complicity."
14282- For example, one of the studies that we reviewed found that no standard therapy in the initial or secondary phase of treatment was associated with an unsuccessful outcome or death.
14283- We are presented with the outline of a centralized Union endowed with strong powers to coordinate economic polices and impose a common social policy.
14284- Financial capital can cross borders far more easily, and physical capital can relocate almost as quickly.
14285- Such a strategy might be politically satisfying to some, but Russia lacks the resources to compete with the US and needs good bilateral relations in order to proceed with its own internal transformation.
14286- When these policies fail, citizens hold mayors responsible.
14287- Peru's President Alejandro Toledo has invented a new extreme sport, a soccer game in which he is the sole player.
14288- The future of democracy may, thus, depend on the ideas and the people who might bring us some higher pleasure and so provide us satisfaction in our citizenship.
14289- But the most significant issue coming to the fore in hemispheric relations is immigration. Traditionally a Mexican, Central American, and Caribbean matter, it has now reached Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, and beyond.
14290- They will repeat the same exercise that some of the world's best economists tackled in a 2004 project called the "Copenhagen Consensus": weighing up solutions to the great challenges facing the world, and deciding what should be done first.
14291- The central question will be whether Europe's "leaders" deliberately play for failure, in the hope that the problem will go away.
14292- The weapons of shame and international opprobrium should be mustered to make it impossible for any democratic nation to legitimize a coup in another democratic country.
14293- That membership drive, however, has already transformed Turkey.
14294- There is no economic research that supports such worries.
14295- For most of 2005, Americans behaved as if they didn't really believe that oil prices would remain high, at least for a while.
14296- If Washington is serious about these words, it should transform this commitment into a long-term and comprehensive alliance that can survive the current estrangement - and continue even after Korean unification - by making a joint declaration with South Korea's government at the highest level.
14297- Brazil Coldest Election
14298- Instead of Russia's borders draining his country's economy, he envisions Russia as a transit point between east and west, and also as an engine of growth for countries in search of the heavy industrial equipment Russia makes.
14299- Even after three weeks, the total was less than in some one-man suicide bombings.
14300- "She works for the restaurant," my acquaintance explained.
14301- The poor minorities that remain excluded are provided with some social assistance.
14302- They can be emotional (anxiety, depression, hypochondria, and alienation), cognitive (loss of concentration or recall, inability to learn new things, be creative, make decisions), behavioural (abuse of drugs, alcohol, and tobacco, refusal to seek or accept treatment), or physiological (neuroendocrine and immunological dysfunction).
14303- Our experts predict that the environmental crisis will intensify to a critical stage by the time China's per capita annual GDP reaches just $3,000.
14304- The spirit of science found a tactical ally in the Catholic Church, which held that belief in vampires defiles the resurrection of Jesus.
14305- Even neighbors with low tariff barriers, like Canada and the United States, trade more internally than across borders.
14306- Sadly, families are often the last to protest exploitation of their children.
14307- This applies to the episodes of democratization in Latin America and the Philippines in the mid-1980's, but also to Turkey in the early 1980's and Nepal in 1990. The contrast between China and Russia also fits this pattern very well.
14308- Indeed, democratic leaders with dynastic dreams have bedeviled India, the Philippines, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Haiti, and many other countries.
14309- The damaged bilateral relationship has only made China's desire for a "peaceful rise" more uncertain.
14310- In these dynamic circumstances, Saudi Arabia stands out.
14311- By blending the Soviet past with the Tsarist past and a few shards of Yeltsin-era democracy, Putin seems to think that he can neutralize the extremes of Russian history.
14312- A country with reserves of the new global money could exchange it for hard currencies to sustain needed food imports or other goods.
14313- The European summit in Brussels this weekend was intended to equip the European Union with a constitution that would enable it to handle the challenges posed by the admission of ten new member states next spring.
14314- The reality is that China has been through a half century of Marxist-Leninist revolutionary indoctrination, which emphasizes the predatory nature of imperialism, colonialism, and capitalism--with America singled out as the leader of oppressive global forces.
14315- Indeed, the bureaucracy itself is often blamed for the country's rigidity and ongoing stagnation.
14316- This change in market sentiment is one of the great achievements of President Ricardo Lagos, Bachelet's predecessor, who was also a socialist.
14317- The Lebanon War has served as a harsh reminder to the European Union that it has "strategic interests" -- security interests first and foremost -- and that, should it choose to ignore them, the price will be high.
14318- French diplomats have of course informed China about the reluctance of other European countries about lifting the arms embargo, which was imposed after the massacre in Tiananmen Square in 1989.
14319- Perhaps a maximally extended life expectancy is of higher value to you than living in a society where doctors do not leave curable patients to die if they cannot pay for the required treatment out of their own pockets.
14320- This, too, has risen sharply, and more is in store as temperatures rise.
14321- At the same time, a new effort should be made to bring life to the UN's proposals regarding Cyprus.
14322- The EU is keen to link into India's boom.
14323- Kenya's bumpy road to democracy is no different from that of many other countries in Africa whose political transitions were heralded with high expectations.
14324- As Friedman said, "We are all Keynesians now."
14325- A notorious example is Nicaragua after the earthquake that leveled the capital, Managua, in December 1972. Nicaragua's dictator, Anastasio Somoza, diverted much of the international assistance meant for the survivors into his own pockets and those of his cronies.
14326- They know that, sooner or later, the US will have to join the rest of the world in controlling climate change.
14327- Underscoring his real agenda, he adds that, ``No radical revision of the fundamental principles governing the operation of the armed forces is required.''
14328- The challenge, therefore, is to combine long-run discipline with short-run flexibility.
14329- Earlier this year, I surveyed people who recently bought homes in four American cities.
14330- Civil war, famine, disease, the legacy of colonialism-all have been advanced as plausible reasons for the continent's grinding poverty and economic backwardness.
14331- But this time, slow stimulus is amplified by failures in the design of the Bush economic program.
14332- The monetary analysis pillar comprises all information coming from various monetary and credit aggregates and serves to figure out the risks to price stability over the medium- to long-run .
14333- The Rise of Chinese "Sea Power"
14334- From my window, I watched the Rubbish Gangster: shaven head, bull neck, and swollen nose, from which dangled mucus-incrusted strands of hair, his short arms bursting with criminal power.
14335- Since Sunni militants destroyed the Shiite Askariya mosque in February, hundreds of Iraqis have been killed in a series of tit-for-tat sectarian attacks.
14336- Using historical analogies to interpret the present is both tempting and dangerous, for history never truly repeats itself.
14337- In the short run, increased efficiency reduces the cost of a good or service, so people consume more of it.
14338- Fourth, the EU's aspiration for a common foreign and security policy must be addressed.
14339- If the US is not careful, our own new nuclear posture could provoke the very nuclear-proliferation activities we are seeking to prevent.
14340- But this hardly amounted to recognition of Russia's indispensability; after all, NATO troops entered Kosovo without Russian consent.
14341- Were adequate primary education available to India's poor -- or, for that matter, to America's poor urban blacks -- there would be no need for reserved places in higher education and elsewhere.
14342- Conflicts of interest will never be eliminated, either in the public or private sector.
14343- Unfortunately, this "good cop, bad cop" game doesn't work in international politics.
14344- Some CNVs are also associated with genes involved in immune response and detoxification-related metabolism (some of the human body's reactions to the environment that we live in).
14345- Internal travel restrictions are used to keep lawyers from representing dissident clients.
14346- Low salaries are often part of an implicit bargain: in exchange for the bad pay, university administrators close their eyes to lazy teaching and research.
14347- So what's unsustainable?
14348- Governments that don't need to broaden their tax base have few incentives to respond to the needs of their people.
14349- The bombing of a pipeline or other oil facility somewhere in Iraq remains almost a daily occurrence, and the transfer of power has not reduced these attacks so far.
14350- Television images of the fall of the Berlin Wall spurred revolutionary changes throughout the former Soviet bloc.
14351- However, this prohibition does not apply to people who are self-employed or not working. Such people already enjoy full freedom of free migration today.
14352- It also specified scenarios in which the US might use nuclear weapons first, even against non-nuclear states, and called for a new generation of US nuclear warheads, including low yield or so-called "mini-nukes."
14353- Iran's election fiasco seemingly confirmed for Iranian reformists a conclusion that tens of millions of Iranian citizens reached long ago - the country's Islamic government, as it exists today, is beyond rehabilitation.
14354- In the United States, the Supreme Court opted against a recount in Florida in 2000, fueling widespread doubts about the legitimacy of the result.
14355- One Jewish professor at a Munich university actually compared Müntefering's language to Nazi slogans.
14356- None of these problems can be resolved or even contained unilaterally.
14357- In the past, Russia winked at suppression of the opposition. Now, as President Putin focuses on rebuilding Russia's economy, mixed feelings are appearing in Moscow about the antics of their erstwhile ally in Minsk.
14358- These were among the many incremental victories Zhao won to help China's people break out of the suffocating stagnation of Maoist socialism.
14359- Accordingly, each year, every county is required to submit a budget that projects two years ahead which demonstrates how its budget will be balanced in that time.
14360- In June Liu Liang finally got what he deserved - a BMW-325i sedan and a sincere apology from the lottery center.
14361- But not admitting it is bound to prove even more painful in the long run.
14362- But with productivity now back up to the levels of the 1960's, the economy's annual growth potential increased from around 2.5% to around 3.5%.
14363- Second, millions of impoverished people die tragic deaths each year from infectious diseases that are preventable and treatable simply because they lack access to the needed health services.
14364- The CCP no longer represents workers and peasants, but it can represent the "majority of the people," including "red" capitalists.
14365- At long last, it can be said that an Iraqi legislature understood that it was constrained by constitutional principals and the rule of law.
14366- But there is also another powerful rationale for doing so: treating fairly those who are poorer and less powerful is the morally right thing to do.
14367- Therefore, if a country out-competes American firms, it must be because it engaged in some unfair practice.
14368- The sledgehammer of invasion could easily cause far more harm than the ills it seeks to stamp out.
14369- Many Poles believe that they should not sell their land to foreigners, because Poland's identity is somehow buried within its poor soil.
14370- No Time for Nostalgia
14371- But humanity will pay a far dearer price for inaction.
14372- This system is known as Qualified Majority Vote.
14373- Jailed or freed, Rivero will not go away.
14374- The judgment of the world was that the evidence was not there - and the world was right.
14375- By its nature communism--whose bureaucracy still exists in almost unadulterated form in the countries of the former Soviet Union--spawned lobbies and clans with a combined might that even the closest-knit family can scarcely expect to overcome.
14376- Above all, Syria wants to bypass Washington's reform agenda and preserve the domestic status quo.
14377- According to the World Value Survey, a respected attitudinal study conducted in about 40 countries, 60% of Americans believe that the poor are "lazy," a view shared by only 26% of Europeans.
14378- As a result, thinkers today are far more likely to get caught expressing "unsanctioned" ideas than they ever were in the 1980's and early 1990's, when underground publications served as the main channel of free expression.
14379- In this fog of praise, the IMF ignored the fact that Argentina's growth rate had stagnated and that double-digit unemployment persisted for half-a-decade.
14380- Similarly, the European Union created the euro to give its members increased currency stability.
14381- Indeed, even the markets were fooled, giving the ECB a good grade for its unremarkable rate hike.
14382- But Europe's new eastern members can also act as a beacon for the Union, as Jacques Rupnik suggests.
14383- Moreover, this situation is not confined to Europe.
14384- Finally, they can help "Brussels" define and design product-market reforms, and then sell those reforms, and the EU's role in enacting them, to their voters.
14385- The world's richest country, which blithely gave its richest citizens a series of tax cuts worth hundreds of billions of dollars, now says that it simply can't afford to spend much more on aid.
14386- The voting population is 57% female, and commentators speculated on the likely impact of women voters.
14387- Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' initiative to unite the Palestinian leadership may lead to greater moderation on the part of Hamas and create real prospects for the negotiation of a two-state solution.
14388- Incentives, competition, hard-budget constraints, sound money, fiscal sustainability, property rights are central to the ways in which economists think about policy and its reform.
14389- The IMF will work hard to shift blame - there will be allegations of corruption, and it will be said that Argentina did not pursue needed measures.
14390- Others more accurately pointed to methyl mercury.
14391- Moreover, reliance on the Nehru/Gandhi name prevents the party from addressing its malaise because many party leaders still think that they can rely on the old magic to win.
14392- Gutierrez is the first president to have the support of Ecuador's powerful Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONAIE).
14393- 2.8
14394- As the debate over the "Greater Middle East" grows heated, there is a danger that Europeans and Americans will pursue competing strategies.
14395- Consider a bank that has invested in risky projects and finds itself in trouble.
14396- Prodi's left-wing l'Unione coalition comprises a hodge-podge of parties spread all over the political spectrum, ranging from staunch communists to former liberals (with communists stronger than in the previous election).
14397- The Bretton Woods organizations -- the IMF, the World Bank and the WTO -- remain heavily Western in structure, leadership, and mentality.
14398- The cries of working children can be heard the world over.
14399- The supply of African professionals and skilled workers, meanwhile, is tight; shortages also drive up wages.
14400- Somewhat surprisingly, France also seems to be having a hard time keeping up, with a below-average growth rate of 2.1%.
14401- Newspapers depicted her against the background of the Argentinean flag, with her head bathed in a halo of sunshine.
14402- In that sense, too, an aging society adds to the responsibilities of the young.
14403- Today, it is clear that fundamentalists and their supporters are completely closed off to even the most elaborate theological refutation of their views, even when produced by distinguished religious authorities.
14404- For human rights activists, it is ironic that an elected (but basically military-led) government that they oppose in principle should be undertaking reforms they have long advocated, but that elected civilian governments ignored.
14405- Yet, while reform efforts intensified throughout Europe in the late 1990's both inside and outside of the euro area, there is little evidence that "ins" enacted more far-reaching and significant supply-side reforms than the "outs."
14406- True, France and Britain do have the best foreign services in Europe, but this is reversing cause and effect.
14407- A more subtle danger is that the fund will be seen as a direct means to combat the so-called "Dutch disease."
14408- -2.8
14409- The central government's weakness, continued insurgent violence, growing Iranian influence in Baghdad and with Shiite powerbrokers in the south, and the natural progression of sectarian politics suggest that the new Iraq will be markedly less stable as the year draws to a close.
14410- Wim Duisenberg died last year, but his values, philosophy, and wisdom must not be allowed to die with him.
14411- So the al-Saud have become Janus-faced: looking in one direction, the royal family encourages democratic reformers to speak out; looking in the opposite direction, it jails them when they do.
14412- At 4% growth per annum, it will take Russia's economy another decade to get back to where it was when communism collapsed.
14413- But the alarmists neglect to mention that sea levels rose through the twentieth century by 10-25 centimeters.
14414- The same principle ought to guide the EU.
14415- He was among the most talented of men, and the warmest, generous with his time and himself, available for students and friends whenever they needed him.
14416- Failing to understand what had happened to them, they simply did not think about it for many years.
14417- In other words, France gives almost exclusively to its former colonies, irrespective of how bad their regimes are.
14418- In the meantime, innocent lives were lost.
14419- Moreover, he would not be left to himself to govern, but would be a marionette of the oligarchs who bankroll his party, and perhaps of Russia, which yearns ­ -- albeit more discretely than a year ago -- for his triumph.
14420- His strategy seems to be to defend Baghdad as another Stalingrad, street by street, house by house.
14421- The red of the Revolution, of course, and the black of the oppressed race.
14422- Is America serious about bringing peace to Palestine and Israel?
14423- The Caliph Ali Ibn Abi Talib said, "Our strength lies in our differences."
14424- David Landes likes to tell the story of Nathan Meyer Rothschild, the richest man in the world in the first half of the nineteenth century, dead in his fifties of an infected abscess.
14425- Recognizing the rights of great apes does not mean that they all must be set free, even those born and bred in zoos, who would be unable to survive in the wild.
14426- This strong-willed monarch, while ruling the Russian empire autocratically, managed to bring stability and prosperity, allowing capitalism to take root.
14427- My fear is that the will of Ethiopia's people will be stifled by government hard-liners.
14428- The country needs a deeper commitment to reform that will come only when its institutions engage the Russian public in the sort of open debate that we have lacked.
14429- Added to the winners in single-seat constituencies--half the total--this would ensure it a sturdy majority of 250 to 270 of the Duma's 450 seats.
14430- In the past, those dreams brought only underdevelopment, dictatorship, nationalism and untold amounts of suffering.
14431- As before there were expressions of "deep regret," a promise of "immediate investigation" and the explanation that dropped leaflets had warned families in the region to leave their homes.
14432- The bad news is that the prospects for just about every other sort of conflict are high and the international agenda is both crowded and demanding.
14433- Unfortunately, we usually fight existing diseases but neglect looking forward.
14434- Ordinary Ukrainians aspire to law and order; businessmen want their playing field to be leveled with the richest and most well connected.
14435- • Financial intermediaries such as banks should be regulated to ensure that they cannot gamble with their depositors' funds;
14436- So the world market was flooded and prices dropped.
14437- Are those who agitate for affirmative action fighting for something that is more a quack remedy than a real solution?
14438- It is projected to surpass 19 million by 2025.
14439- While the economic toll of graft cannot be precisely quantified, indirect evidence suggests that the costs are significant.
14440- Traditional monarchs still have broad powers of appointment and decree.
14441- Large parts of the so-called developing world, especially in Asia, have made incredible strides away from absolute poverty.
14442- In Poland the liberals who were the brains-trust of Solidarity wanted, at first, weak government but realized the impossibility of this.
14443- Naturally, most other Lebanese are unhappy that Hezbollah's adventurism has dragged their country into war and inflicted great destruction on it.
14444- Alarmed by a potential conflict between the two archrivals, the Bush administration urged Chen, who won a second term in March, to exercise restraint.
14445- On its re-auction, Ukraine received more than five times the amount that had been paid through that insider deal.
14446- That's one of the reasons why the military does not use a price system to allocate resources.
14447- What accounts for this wide divergence?
14448- Many of the Hezbollah rockets that rained on Israel bore the markings of Syria's Defence Ministry.
14449- The US has crossed the valley where risks of a major collapse were possible.
14450- Barely a month after the union of the three Red Armies, the Party decided that the Long March was to continue.
14451- Descendants of the European settlers in Algeria fled back to Europe.
14452- So, while improvement in India-China relations is welcome, it is unlikely to herald the beginning of an India-China alliance against the US.
14453- But attention-getting emotions (such as anger) are not the only factors that drive investment decisions.
14454- After the collapse of the Soviet Union, some analysts described the resulting world as unipolar and saw few constraints on American power.
14455- The hot northern summer fits well with the release of An Inconvenient Truth, a documentary film featuring former US Vice-President Al Gore.
14456- The last of the three countries is a candidate for EU membership in 2007, and the accession process has had a moderating effect on Romanian politics.
14457- Attempts to set up derivatives markets for real estate have -- so far -- all met with only limited success.
14458- Spurred by unemployment, political uncertainty, and falling living standards, young Saudi men are easily recruited by extremist groups.
14459- To change a system that seems best suited to Ukraine's circumstances, you need a good reason.
14460- Is "Eurabia" Inevitable?
14461- Militarizing the Andes
14462- It expanded to include Russia in 1998 for political, not economic, reasons.
14463- Is Honest Politics Possible?
14464- Chirac and Schröder do not seem to grasp this.
14465- When they graciously consent to appear, they are treated with deference.
14466- In a short period of time, the world's citizens can make deep inroads in the fight against disease, hunger, and poverty.
14467- Estimates of the number being "treated" in this way run to 600. Three of those sent to mental asylums are reported to have died as a result of their ill treatment.
14468- But, as Kondylis argued, it is impossible to describe as Conservative "political programs, parties, or governments that are committed to technological progress, social mobility, and the modern principle of a market-made world."
14469- Yet Putin managed simultaneously to celebrate his anti-Iraq war cooperation with Europe, have the US swallow this, and be recognized in front of his local minions as a world leader.
14470- The online protest that ensued undoubtedly played a role in the government's decision to abolish the system and arrest the officials involved in the case.
14471- America's friends in Latin America are feeling the fire of this anti-American wrath.
14472- Mozambique's cashew story illustrates several themes now dominant in analyzing development.
14473- Let us hope that reason also prevails this time round.
14474- The per capita GDP of India in 2000, for example, was only 7% of that of the US.
14475- Most new revelations about Pakistan's nuclear scandal focus on the clandestine supply of uranium enrichment technology to Iran, North Korea, and Libya by the celebrated bomb-maker Dr. A. Q. Khan.
14476- Crime abounds. International comparisons of corruption are not flattering.
14477- Globalization and the United Nations
14478- The country can no longer play the role of transatlantic mediator between France and America.
14479- These are national funds that, in boom years, receive revenues from sales of natural resources to be set aside against a rainy day.
14480- NATO has "bet the alliance" on Afghanistan.
14481- In mid-September the pressure continued to build.
14482- Despite trying to annex an Arab neighbor, Saddam was able to claim the nationalist mantle against the Americans.
14483- But any reversal of those privatizations -- such as the effective expropriation of Mikhail Khodorkovsky and his Menatep partners in Yukos -- signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses "expropriating the expropriators," as Lenin used to say.
14484- Radical Islam's Challenge to Indonesia
14485- One of the great costs of the Bush administration's mistaken Iraq policy has been to divert attention and resources away from the just war in Afghanistan.
14486- Fighting Terrorism Democratically
14487- For most middle-class people in developed countries, the home they own is their most valuable asset.
14488- Some countries, notably Nigeria, are trying to implement these lessons.
14489- The bullets that killed Djindjic may also have slain Serbian hopes for normalcy at the very moment that we were emerging from the nightmare of Slobodan Milosevic's long misrule.
14490- For Assad and his supporters, survival is more important than sovereignty.
14491- The current crisis is obviously the first serious test for Olmert and his plans for further withdrawal from Israeli-occupied territories.
14492- Its ten divisions, with at least 100,000 men, are better trained and armed than the regular army, which is now weaker than in the first Gulf War of 1991, when it scarcely resisted before surrendering.
14493- Former Foreign Minister Abdullah al-Khatib argues that Jordan should have begun distancing itself from Iraq years ago.
14494- There are three keys to this phenomenon:
14495- Although the world expects a negative decision, Israel can in fact muster a sound legal case.
14496- Sir V. S. Naipaul, recently awarded the Nobel Prize for literature, once wrote an article entitled ``Our Universal Civilization.'' How appropriate.
14497- It maintains the country's improved relations with the IMF, and it has even approved an agreement with the US to guarantee investments.
14498- But, for the same reason, efficiency rules often do meet with protest when they are used or proposed for rationing medical services in everyday medicine.
14499- Could the current standoff lead to such an outcome?
14500- The Bush administration's January 2002 Nuclear Posture Review signaled a major change in US nuclear policy by advancing a new triad that integrates nuclear weapons with conventional strike options and blurring the line between the use of conventional and nuclear weapons.
14501- Shortly after the election, the Iraq Study Group offered a bipartisan formula for the gradual withdrawal of United States troops. But Bush rejected this, and persists in speaking of victory in Iraq -- though it is unclear what that now means.
14502- But he or she will face an uphill struggle to prove to the world that America can be a force for good, a democratic beacon that cares for the planet and that lives up to the standards that it sets for others.
14503- State failure in the wake of colonialism is another source of conflict.
14504- If the private sector is to thrive, it needs lower trade barriers and improved incentives for risk-taking.
14505- He announced a program of energy research that would reduce American oil imports from the Middle East by 75% over the next two decades.
14506- Yes, the soaring deficits may contribute somewhat to international financial instability.
14507- If American voters endorse those policies, the US shall have to live with the hostility of the world and endure a vicious cycle of escalating violence.
14508- A year ago, then United States National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice announced that, "We are engaged primarily in a war of ideas, not of armies."
14509- The Two Communities of Europe
14510- Peace will not quickly be restored to Iraq, and it is hard to conceive of opening up a major new front, when America can hardly manage what it has already undertaken.
14511- Although nowhere mentioned in either case, the scandalous treatment of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib and the revelations that high-level government lawyers prepared confidential memoranda authorizing torture, likely played a part in the Justices' reasoning.
14512- Centrist parties that represented the middle classes and moderated the ideological extremes of left and right were pivotal.
14513- France stands out on the Continent with a fertility rate of 1.8, which is most likely the result of years of generous tax policies towards large families.
14514- The decline in overseas visitors, and notably in the number of foreign students in the US, is the immediate result of stricter visa laws, but it is an important factor in the weakening of America's global hegemony.
14515- Unlike North Korea, Iran is more likely to care about its international standing.
14516- We can prevent millions from dying from malnutrition simply by distributing vitamin supplements.
14517- From the moment Europe's coal and steel industries were merged in an effort to prevent future wars on the Continent, the "European project" has often relied on economic interests to propel itself forward.
14518- Rumsfeld's juvenile attack on "old Europe" no doubt helped bring millions into the streets.
14519- In return, the Cuban regime made a sham gesture by releasing a small number of the prisoners of conscience -- mostly those who were tortured and seriously ill -- who the regime most feared would die in its notorious prisons.
14520- The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the US Department of Justice apparently decided to fight the "backdating" practices, which where especially common in Silicon Valley.
14521- They will argue that all the Congressional and newspaper investigations are excessive; that we should put Enron behind us and move on to the business of making money again.
14522- President Bush's remarks drove home the importance of strict adherence to the Geneva Conventions and the question of how war crimes trials may be convened in post-war Iraq and who will conduct them.
14523- Threats to world trade come in many guises.
14524- The Agricultural Bank will also require new capital, although the government is not yet preparing it for privatization.
14525- Fortunately, when Giscard voiced his dangerous sentiments, many in the European Commission and throughout Europe declared that the former French President spoke only for himself.
14526- In essence, however, fostering alliance with the United States dominated Japan's course.
14527- By increasing economic and cultural ties, diplomacy might unleash the soft power that could contribute to more gradual regime transformation over the longer term.
14528- Historically, attempts at modernization in Russia, even when they look real, as with Stalin's industrialization or Yeltsin's market reforms, ultimately result in a Potemkin village-like state of affairs, because Russian society cannot change fast enough or with the patience necessary to see the changes through.
14529- Economically, politically, institutionally, Turkey needs the "anchor" of the European integration process.
14530- Power may be increasingly illusory in a globalized world, but it is an illusion that is shared by others, and the longer one inhabits it, the more one's circle consists of others who share the belief.
14531- Reaching consensus among the World Trade Organization's 145 members, where one dissent can cause utter disarray, was difficult even before the world's governments divided into pro- and anti-American camps.
14532- Or the 89 charges of violations filed by just one bloc?
14533- Local unions need to be involved, for the issues involved are specific to companies and workers, and cannot be resolved by governments alone.
14534- People aged 60 or more are projected to increase from 629 million now to nearly 2 billion by 2050. Furthermore, the elderly population itself is aging.
14535- This is understandable in light of the continent's persistent poverty, seemingly endless conflicts, and the prevalence of HIV-AIDS and other infectious diseases.
14536- In 1919, the economist John Maynard Keynes described the possibility of an Englishman in London using a telephone to order goods from around the world to be delivered to his house by the afternoon.
14537- This strongly suggests that jobs broadly "follow" sales (or perhaps the other way round), even though, once again, this is true only on average and not for all companies.
14538- Nothing like this had ever hit the Al Sabah family, which has ruled Kuwait for two centuries.
14539- He did not shy away from stating his views, often reflecting the advice of Keynes: "Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assault of thoughts on the unthinking".
14540- But this economic logic does not apply in the case of increases in oil prices. Although high oil prices look like a tax on business activity that depresses aggregate demand, they also raise inflation, both directly and indirectly.
14541- Europeans and Americans, Israelis and Iranians, Egyptians and Turks, Palestinians and Tunisians rubbed shoulders.
14542- Europe's Katrina-in-Waiting
14543- Britain failed in America and the French crown failed in France because the governed ceased to recognize their authority.
14544- All available historical and contemporary evidence suggests that they must.
14545- Then, with recognition of the abstract schemas dictating how genes are expressed, biology climbed even closer to mathematics.
14546- Unlike their counterparts in the US, Central American producers lack access to the capital and technology needed for them to expand and innovate.
14547- This constant singling out of one nation as humanity's enemy is in fact a campaign directed against the Jewish people.
14548- Europe's allocation of governmental powers should be based on the principle that institutions carry out only those activities with clear economies of scale and where differences of opinion are modest.
14549- Perhaps what it requires most is a touch of Margaret Thatcher's policies of the 1980's, combined with Tony Blair's rhetoric of today.
14550- Ahmadinejad has proven resourceful in driving the diplomatic conflict.
14551- So the summer attack on the Russian oligarchs may turn out to be a litmus test that reveals not only Putin's ability to control the oligarchs, but also the retrograde interests of his closest aides.
14552- By attacking Iraq, the US could win the armed confrontation with Hussein, but probably lose the broader - and more vital - political struggle for the future of the country.
14553- As the Stern report points out, as usual, the poor are the most vulnerable.
14554- Over the years, they continued to believe, logically if paradoxically, that the small countries could best safeguard their interests by submitting to the logic of majority voting.
14555- The suggestion that the EU's decision somehow intruded on American sovereignty was another demonstration of the extent to which corporate interests have grabbed the economic agenda.
14556- Given our poverty, spending more money on military equipment seems irresponsible.
14557- The European Council's summit on June 16-17 should give a clear sign that it recognizes this.
14558- Is it too late to prevent a showdown?
14559- The foreign companies' contribution was supposed to be further investment.
14560- What do these two seemingly disparate responses tell us about China and its evolving place in the world?
14561- This will not entirely remove the Iraqi threat but will make it controllable.
14562- Many nerve, respiratory and muscle diseases might also be caused by prions.
14563- Bush, for example, would vastly improve US and global security if he started listening to top scientists and paid less attention to political lobbyists regarding the growing risks from man-made climate change.
14564- We now stand at the threshold of a new phase of European cooperation.
14565- The first option would require coercion, and -- since countries will not accept that others should gain a competitive edge -- an international agreement to forego the benefits that genetic enhancement can bring.
14566- Western economists and aid agencies complain about inadequate implementation and lack of commitment by African governments.
14567- The Europeans who conquered and colonized the Americas after 1492 did not find vast empty lands, as they sometimes proclaimed, but rather lands populated by communities dating back thousands of years.
14568- Few now challenge the importance of central bank independence for achieving monetary stability.
14569- Thousands of Chinese demonstrated on campus and through the city, shouting "Boycott Japanese goods!" and "Japanese dogs, get out!"
14570- Indeed, countries with higher birth rates are less exposed to longevity risk in the next half-century or so than countries with low birth rates.
14571- But was it really good fortune?
14572- The first telegraph line was built by the US Federal Government between Baltimore and Washington in 1842; the Internet, which is so changing today's economy, was developed by the US military.
14573- Russia thought it was less dependent than Ukraine, and decided to exercise that power.
14574- In practice, de-Baathification has excluded thousands of Iraqis -- most of them Sunnis who joined the party during the Saddam era only to secure good jobs -- from the country's political and economic life.
14575- Even Venezuela's Hugo Chávez -- the most vociferous of them -- understands the importance of maintaining macroeconomic stability.
14576- In our recent book Fighting Poverty in the US and Europe: A World of Difference , Edward Glaeser and I discuss why the welfare state is so much more generous in Europe than in the US.
14577- This alarms the public and incites anger against capitalists who do not reinvest their profits.
14578- Using two complementary genome-wide technologies, with subsequent validation studies, a total of 1,447 CNVs were identified.
14579- The ideas expressed in Bush's speech thus deserve serious consideration.
14580- In at least two respects, alternative policy options are beginning to emerge, and these may one day dominate public debate.
14581- But a plan to close numerous bases passed by an overwhelming majority when the congressional leadership finally agreed to present a single list of bases to be closed; the list could only be voted up or down, without any possibility of amendments.
14582- Untrained people with other things on their minds can make serious economic errors.
14583- This neatly fit a standard response to criticism of the level of American assistance: that private philanthropy exceeds government aid.
14584- Yet it would be a mistake to think that this bloodlust represents widespread sentiment among Iraqis.
14585- In recent months, Bush undermined biological theories of evolution in favor of Christian fundamentalist dogmas.
14586- For 50 years, Buffett, now 75, has worked at accumulating a vast fortune.
14587- Most of America's 50 states have constitutional amendments that effectively impose a balanced budget.
14588- Paradoxically, the best way for health authorities to prepare for a possible return of SARS this winter is to make special efforts to reduce the spread of flu and speed its diagnosis.
14589- Within a mobile and open Europe, there can be no fencing off of foreign cultures; contact cannot be avoided.
14590- On June 16th, the rebellious oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky and his comrade-in-arms Platon Lebedev finally began to face the judges of the Meshchansky district court.
14591- The same goes for writers.
14592- This is not just about Iran, but also about the threat of a nuclear arms race across the entire Middle East.
14593- Two factors could help the EU move in the right direction.
14594- There is, of course, widespread consensus against cloning devoted to the reproduction of human beings, and most of the world has outlawed the technique.
14595- In view of these systemic weaknesses, China's ability to overcome its labor deficit by shifting to an innovation- and productivity-driven economy remains dubious.
14596- Getting to the future, it seems, does not require the help of futurists.
14597- This is not to argue that Microsoft, Amnesty International, or Goldman Sachs be given seats in the United Nations General Assembly, but it does mean including representatives of such organizations in regional and global deliberations when they have the capacity to affect whether and how regional and global challenges are met.
14598- Up to now, issues related to national defense have been regulated by the administrative judgments of the time or by Diet resolutions based on the prevailing interpretation of Article 9. But this ad-hoc approach has been, and remains, a recipe for paralysis.
14599- To meet today's threats, troops must be able to take individual responsibility and initiative, and need to be trained to react resourcefully and at a moment's notice.
14600- A Declaration of Independence from the US
14601- Israel's insistence in continuing its assassination policy led, predictably, to a violent reaction--a pattern of assassinations followed by revenge suicide bombings and then further assassinations, with neither side prepared to blink.
14602- The first danger is that politicians will spend the surpluses on vote-winning social programmes.
14603- But so does the SGP's current implementation - for example, in the conventions that define how budget deficit are measured and what qualifies as government revenue.
14604- The result is a trap in which poverty causes bad governance and bad governance causes poverty -- a two-way spiral downward that can lead to such extreme deprivation that the government, lacking computers, telephones, information systems, and trained civil servants, couldn't function honestly even if it wanted to.
14605- Groucho Marx once famously quipped that he did not want to join any club that would have him as a member.
14606- The stronger side then gains deterrence, because recognition of its power stops the other side from going to war in the first place.
14607- This may only partly appease Russia's displeasure at being reduced to second-class status in its own backyard, but will allow Russia to address its own self-defined strategic interests.
14608- Others see no place for a Muslim country in Europe.
14609- But most have chosen to work either in a group with their mentors or with their husbands, who often work in the same fields.
14610- Robert Mundell, a Canadian who won the Nobel Prize in economics in 1999, was the first person to write about the benefits of monetary unions.
14611- When you meet today's "new Russian Nomenklatura," you experience a sudden feeling of being 20 years younger, awash as they are in nostalgia for Cold War posturing.
14612- Of course not, pet grooming is expensive in rich parts of Boston and cheap in poor parts, just as haircuts are.
14613- But, while the US, as the world's largest economy, is best suited for this role, it has so far failed to play its part.
14614- If managers are only loosely tied to shareholders, they could more willingly give up a bigger share of the pie to labor.
14615- He was the only one representing this large constituency of moderate voters.
14616- The task for Western policymakers is to recognize the interconnection of foreign and domestic policies. They must become serious about backing legitimate democratic representation in Muslim countries, for only then will Western policy seem less hypocritical.
14617- According to Transparency International, the Nordic countries have the world's least corrupt political systems (with Iceland and Finland ranking as the least corrupt), while the US, with its big money politics, is fairly far down on the list.
14618- The truth is simpler.
14619- The endgame to determine the European Union's final shape is underway. It began with the publication by the Praesidium of the Convention on the Future of Europe of a draft of the first sixteen articles of the "Treaty to establish a Constitution for Europe."
14620- Japan's warships can help with sanctions monitoring and minesweeping.
14621- The rest of the world should take notice.
14622- This image of Shell as a sensitive, caring company mocks the evidence.
14623- To avoid problems, I ate only dates and American corned beef canned in 1941 and 1942 for the US Army.
14624- Allow me to draw an analogy from my personal finances.
14625- The easiest way to show this is to have people to rate the completeness of their knowledge on a seven-point scale.
14626- German firms reacted by outsourcing the labor-intensive parts of their production chains and curtailing their investment in Germany.
14627- They liken the transition from communism to the state of nature described by John Locke.
14628- Their rants should be rejected with argument, not with police and prisons.
14629- Nonetheless, outstanding issues between Syria and the US would be better resolved using smart diplomacy than smart bombs.
14630- Most Romanians see NATO membership as a huge national victory, but some wonder if there is truth in Weizmann's joke: because, if the rationale for entering a military alliance is that you feel threatened, entering NATO is nonsense.
14631- "Don't go too far in supporting Israel and neglecting the Palestinians!"
14632- At least rhetorically speaking, government parties or leaders with a strong anti-US tilt are gaining ground, from Mexico City's Mayor Andrés Manuel López Obrador to the Frente Amplio party in Uruguay, from Schaddick Handal in the old FMLN in El Salvador to Evo Morales in Bolivia, not to mention governments like Hugo Chávez's in Venezuela and Nestor Kirchner's in Argentina.
14633- The group's demands include dividing the country into six or eight new regions along broad ethnic lines with powers to generate and spend revenue.
14634- Previously, it was Russia's Western mission that was pure Potemkin village.
14635- Yet optimism is required to keep the music going.
14636- An alluring prospect, but perhaps improbable.
14637- During elections, politicians invariably make promises, including those of tax cuts.
14638- In some cases their suffering can be alleviated mainly through better governance within their countries.
14639- Instead of feeling the pinch of wartime privations, like in any ordinary country, American consumers are binging as if it were Christmas all year round.
14640- The US lost some of its attractiveness for many, and Americans are unpopular in many parts of the world.
14641- Unfortunately, the inspectors' reports make one thing clear: they will not take the bold steps that the international community needs to expose Iraqi cheating.
14642- In 1975, only 100 cities topped one million in population; by 2015, 527 cities will exceed that mark.
14643- A distinctively British brand of Islam is beginning to emerge, just as France, Germany, the Netherlands, and Spain are producing their own forms of Islam.
14644- Other social indicators offer a bleak picture.
14645- Doing so requires putting the right person in charge — someone like Paul Hoffman, the American industrialist who managed the Marshall Plan more than half a century ago and, subsequently, headed the UN Development Program.
14646- So what makes for good profits—creating global monopolies—does not make for good public policy.
14647- Until Al Jazeera's mostly BBC-trained journalists arrived on the scene, the average Arab citizen's news television diet was nothing more than protocol news, wire service video reflecting the latest in the Palestinian conflict, and dramatic photos of earthquakes or wild fires.
14648- Why should the rest of Europe care if, say, Spain preserves a generous pension system?
14649- Rising educational attainment is helping to promote more technologically sophisticated exports as well.
14650- The US could bomb Vietnam's cities to rubble, as it can Iraq's cities, but this solves nothing, claims vast numbers of innocent lives, and confirms the view of Americans as occupiers. 
14651- In weekly classes (the atmosphere is that of a class, rather than a therapy group), and by listening to CD's or tapes at home during the week, participants learn the practice of mindfulness meditation.
14652- Everywhere nowadays, key decisions are made by a self-selected group of elites, often in non-transparent circumstances.
14653- "The dollar is our currency and your problem."
14654- But his reforms snowballed into a revolution driven from below rather than controlled from above.
14655- The solutions will not be easy, and the effort must last over many decades in all parts of the world.
14656- Will it be able to put together an effective governmental authority to rule the Gaza Strip, or will that area dissolve into bloody battles among Palestinian factions and a staging area for attacks into Israel that will bring reprisal raids?
14657- The cooperative movement of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries was associated with a long list of financial and insurance institutions -- including savings banks, building societies, and savings-and-loan societies -- to help less-advantaged people.
14658- The opportunity stems from the fact that our doctors and nurses, our pharmacists and drug researchers, our biologists and biochemists are learning to do wonderful things.
14659- After all, many, if not most, top athletes are "naturally" genetically gifted.
14660- The Landmines Treaty was created despite the opposition of the strongest bureaucracy (the Pentagon) in the world's largest military power.
14661- Soft power came in the Marshall Plan¼.We did the same thing in Japan."
14662- China's people have long been ready for this.
14663- The euro has been touted as the replacement for or alternative to the dollar.
14664- The rich and powerful nations often declare their leadership in the world.
14665- Such a pact - calling for a "united economic space" - is now being entered into by Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, and Belarus.
14666- Yet the undoubted origin of the conflict is the region's extreme poverty, which was made disastrously worse in the 1980's by a drought that has essentially lasted until today.
14667- The Bank of Japan's overnight interest rate has been essentially zero since 1999, but prices still fall.
14668- Ahmedinejad argues that outside pressure, not the actual historical experience of total war, keeps the memory of the Holocaust alive in Europe.
14669- In 1978, Typhoon Rita wiped out the fleet of handmade wooden fishing boats in a group of sea-dependant Philippine communities.
14670- Berlin's geographical position in the EU of tomorrow now seems more central, with Paris on the fringe.
14671- However, late last year, Everbright Bank and some others began offering fixed-rate mortgages.
14672- The second unknown concerns what, exactly, separates the major parties in this contest.
14673- It becomes even more difficult when the complex historical baggage calls for sensitivity and tolerance while the protagonists are determined to see every concession as surrender.
14674- But the challenge has been met before, in Lebanon after its nightmarishly long civil war (1975-1990).
14675- What Germany needs is, in fact, fairly clear.
14676- But instead of unrest, I foresee only celebrations if Kuchma is defeated.
14677- Japan became militaristic previously because civilian politicians lost control of Japan's generals, who were ignored by their own colonels and majors.
14678- The forced resignation of Bolivia's President Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada, following a month of violent demonstrations, marks a tragic milestone whose meaning extends far beyond his impoverished country.
14679- Both countries firmly believe that military success in Iraq is impossible.
14680- There is another reason Shia, Sunnis, and Kurds won't move immediately to undermine federal authority: the central government in Baghdad won't have the legal or economic means to challenge their local power.
14681- This idea of promise and progress was central to Argentines.
14682- Hands Off the "Super-Euro"
14683- Health care deteriorated and the mortality rate increased (the only developed country where that occurred).
14684- Those hopes have vanished.
14685- But this is the time for strong contingency plans.
14686- Weakened by the perception of allowing the West to mistreat Russia, their influence among Russia's ruling elite disintegrated.
14687- Other mistakes in Argentina's ``reform'' program also occurred.
14688- Pinochet responded with arrogance, provoking a huge sense of shame for Chile's young democracy.
14689- Back to business as usual in France.
14690- The judge and his team visited the five N'Djamena jails, including one in the presidential compound, where Habré's American-trained political police systematically tortured prisoners.
14691- We confirmed methyl mercury poisoning through contaminated food.
14692- Will the puncturing of the stock market boom incite a crumbling of the US economy, one that will spread to the rest of the world?
14693- But the numbers remain very small.
14694- There is a widespread desire for change, including a change of government, but there is an equally widespread belief that nothing momentous will happen.
14695- In the US or Japan, facing entrenched industry opposition, such a startup might never have gotten off the ground.
14696- When destroyed, such as on the road north from Kuwait City, the PCBs leaked into the ground.
14697- However, some transnational issues are inherently multilateral and cannot be managed without the help of other countries.
14698- China then simply threatened to abandon or never to conclude trade deals with these EU members.
14699- Once they resolve to continue their alliance with these purposes in mind, it should be possible for responsible officials to work out guiding principles for concrete security cooperation.
14700- By contrast, seen from afar, in their new suits, you might think that Chinese economic elites are Japanese.
14701- It offers countries the gains from increased international trade, faster diffusion of technologies to mutual benefit, and hopes for less cross-country violence and conflict.
14702- The Kibaki administration used this year to entrench power in the hands of a small ethnic Kikuyu clique.
14703- Part of the problem is Israel's continuing occupation of the West Bank as well as a piece of southern Lebanon.
14704- The aggressor must do something that all can see as a dangerous threat by, for example, aiming a guided missile at a country and threatening to use it.
14705- In the long-term, financial stability, no less than price stability, requires independent and accountable regulators and supervisors.
14706- Desperate for funds for reconstruction, that new regime could sell large amounts of oil, lowering global oil prices.
14707- When Tony Blair says that the most important liberty is security from terrorist attacks, he has forgotten the first principles of his party and his country.
14708- But Japan can no longer afford to be silent or vague about growing global insecurity, as the crisis next door on the Korean peninsula demonstrates.
14709- From Rome to Moscow
14710- Stroking the palm causes activity in the part of the brain - the parietal lobe - that processes tactile stimulation.
14711- Any economist from Washington (or Harvard) would have pushed a recipe of privatization and across-the-board liberalization if asked in 1978 to advise the Chinese government.
14712- Productivity growth will probably be higher than before 1995: the soaring growth rates of recent years are not accidents; the high tech explosion is real.
14713- Abdullah's proposal could weaken his position domestically, particularly in relation to the country's powerful Islamists.
14714- Because Europe is militarily insignificant, they argue, it is not surprising that Europeans emphasize diplomacy, rather than military might, to resolve disputes.
14715- Of course, Syria still believes in a "Greater Syria" and never fully accepted Lebanon's sovereignty.
14716- Can the world afford to continue subsidizing this failure?
14717- It is no secret that he irritated France and Germany.
14718- From Constitutional Crisis to European Crisis
14719- Germany's Economics Minister, Michael Glos, has said that Russia's questionable dependability means that the time has come to explore other energy sources .
14720- There can be no free market for basic science in the literal sense of the term. But the benefits of markets can and should be pursued by other means.
14721- Clearly, motion was an essential feature.
14722- We will not create a better world in the 21
14723- Now, as China rises and Japan declines, the old, deep-seated suspicions, tensions, and distrust are resurfacing.
14724- How will its election affect Palestine's foreign aid inflows, which form major component of the national budget?
14725- But turning a blind eye to failure only increases its cost.
14726- But, whatever his motives, the anxiety that led up to Argentina's last minute deal with the IMF to repay $3.1 billion owed the global lender may serve to help to rescue what capitalism is really about: the appropriate judgment of risk.
14727- For in Croatia, every new regime issues a plenary absolution for its predecessors.
14728- In Japan, the Koizumi government wants to privatize the behemoth postal service, whose giant financial arm is wrapped like a python around the country's banking system.
14729- The idea of Europe as a heritage and a mission does not mean much.
14730- Along that tortuous route, the world's major powers are bound to be offended, probably quite regularly.
14731- Frightened by the attack on Khodorkovsky, Russian businessmen worry that success will bring harrassment from the Kremlin.
14732- In fact, capital inflows can make things worse, because they tend to appreciate the domestic currency and make production in export activities less profitable, further weakening the incentive to invest.
14733- Governments can borrow what they need to pay out now, and service this debt as reforms yield benefits.
14734- But they disagree about when these taboos are violated.
14735- Is "Gene Doping" Wrong?
14736- Americans should step back for a moment and ask: who got them into this mess?
14737- The media tend to take accusers at their word, without regard for their credibility or the facts.
14738- But this is unlikely to continue.
14739- But the game is almost over, because the old approaches are obviously failing.
14740- Regretfully, this corporate-driven NAFTA exacerbated the disparities and asymmetries between Mexico and its two richer northern neighbors.
14741- France and Germany Must Act in Iraq Next week, President Bush, President Chirac, and Chancellor Schroeder will meet on the cliffs of Normandy to mark the 60th anniversary of the D-Day invasions that led to the liberation of Europe.
14742- Interestingly, many countries that performed better than Chile on these standardized tests have a lower income per capita.
14743- So the Taliban are obtaining ample funds from the heroin trade -- easily Afghanistan's largest single source of foreign earnings.
14744- Another new term, "zhi qing quan" (right to know), has also entered public discourse.
14745- It isn't.
14746- Germany does not seem to have done too badly in these 60 years, but consider the core of this "imposition": the effort to give enduring political expression to the moral concepts of good and evil that the Nazis tried to invert.
14747- It is remarkable that some of the most critical concepts of Muslim religious terminology have now become part of the international language of current affairs.
14748- The Secretary General is positioned to make this point loudly and repeatedly.
14749- Over the years, the authorities picked up Rivero, questioned him, harassed him, and tried to nudge him off the island, where he would presumably disappear into the black hole of Miami's exile community.
14750- Many Muslims continue to ignore this and, instead, merely pray to Allah to save us, to bring back our lost glory.
14751- National Security Advisor Condeleeza Rice was a Director of Chevron-Texaco before coming to the National Security Council.
14752- Of course, sanctions can be effective in hurting the economy of the target country.
14753- The Commission is authorized to open a case against a proposed merger and to decide on it.
14754- Nor, on balance, has liberalization of capital flows stabilized consumption.
14755- Many of the actions and policies of the Coalition Provisional Authority (CPA), as well as higher-level Bush administration decisions, seem to point to a resigned acceptance that early hopes that Iraq would embrace Western-style democracy were misplaced.
14756- Both raise quite difficult practical questions, though they are clear in principle.
14757- No doubt the challenge for Europe of integrating a large Turkey, bordering on the Middle East, is great.
14758- But Daniels decided he would rather run for office in Indiana than take a stand in support of sound fiscal finance;
14759- Many forces behind the boom of the 1990's, including advances in technology, were set in motion before Bill Clinton took office (just as the legacy of President George W. Bush's deficits will be felt long after he leaves).
14760- Innovative and bold diplomatic initiatives for peace must be launched as an alternative to the logic of military force.
14761- Most importantly, Bush did not ask the hard questions - perhaps because he, like those below him, already knew the answers they wanted.
14762- International Economic Strategy after September 11
14763- A clear indication of the problem is "fishing down the marine food web"-- the increasing tendency to land fish and shellfish from the bottom of marine food chains, often the prey of the larger fish that were previously targeted.
14764- Western governments can help with common-sense reforms.
14765- Suddenly, a third man cuts the pig's throat, a fountain of blood sprinkling everyone.
14766- Some people see in Chavez an innovative statesman who has seized an almost magical moment -- the windfall Venezuela has received from today's sky high oil prices &#45;&#45; to change the rules of the game in his country.
14767- Many expected that America would call for a collective NATO response.
14768- Mao launched the Cultural Revolution (1965-76) to take revenge against those who opposed his mad programs.
14769- When Bush administration officials say that "all options are on the table," they are warning the Iranians that the use of force is possible.
14770- Shock and sadness remain with us, but there is also a determined sense that we face challenges - as individuals and as a civilization - that were unknown a year ago.
14771- Creating these retail products will require time, experimentation, and some real innovation.
14772- We must join that one civilization, or be uncivilized."
14773- Can the situation get worse? Yes, it can: much worse.
14774- The US's policy is, in fact, economically indefensible.
14775- It should not be confined to the political, diplomatic, and military aspects but should take in business concerns as well.
14776- Such debates concede that these religious concepts are generally valid, even when, as in the fundamentalists' case, they simply do not apply.
14777- However, independence for regulatory agencies should not mean the absence of any democratic oversight whatsoever.
14778- Moreover, Pakistan has partly conceded its demand--which dates to the creation of India and Pakistan a little more than half a century ago--for an internationally supervised referendum in Kashmir to determine the province's sovereignty.
14779- Quite a few have been executed over the years for plotting against Saddam.
14780- Recently, a congregation of African church leaders convened in the Senegalese island of Gorée and urged their people to assess their share of responsibility for the slave trade.
14781- After all, the problems that beset Mr. Schroeder, or Mr. Berlusconi, and Messieurs Chirac and Jospin, aren't the stuff that shapes the world.
14782- If Russia is to move forward, its high and mighty must agree about who owns what, who makes the rules, and how to change the rules.
14783- Indeed, the postcommunists now hold such an enormous advantage over all their competitors that a vote scarcely seems necessary.
14784- Taming the World's Mega Cities
14785- First, the disease burden in the poorest countries constitutes a fundamental barrier to their economic advance.
14786- Last year a Nigerian team of HIV/AIDS experts performed what many thought to be a miracle: they submitted a well-designed, thoughtfully written, and locally developed proposal to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria.
14787- Yes, it is conceivable that Bush did not have accurate information about whether Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction.
14788- Müntefering should have consulted his party's forefather more carefully before opening his mouth.
14789- When I served in 1995 on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the scientific group that periodically assesses the science of global warming, there was overwhelming evidence that the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere had increased markedly since the beginning of the industrial revolution, that human activity had contributed significantly to those increases, and that they would have profound effects on climate and sea levels.
14790- Turkey itself could serve as a stronger bridge to the unstable Turkic societies of Central Asia, from Azerbaijan to Kyrgyzstan, countries now at risk of destabilization from the war on terrorism and struggles over oil and other natural resources.
14791- Both 'America Coming Together' and the 'MoveOn.org Voter Fund' are organizations that, according to a specific reference in the US tax code are entitled to receive unlimited contributions from individuals.
14792- It is an almost pagan sacrifice: in the farm's backyard the animal is held down by a pair of strong men, the pig squealing as much as it can.
14793- As a result, we were able to show a strong correspondence between the fossil record and most of the changes that were observed in the fibrinopeptide sequences.
14794- We will see.
14795- As a result, refinancing of mortgages will grind to a halt, leaving no money to draw out of housing to sustain Americans' consumption binge.
14796- Of course, the logic behind calls to restrict our freedoms has a simplistic appeal: extremists use our freedoms to commit their crimes, so preventing the abuse of freedom requires curtailing freedom's scope.
14797- Indeed, economic nationalism is exceptionally vigorous at the moment.
14798- It is too early to count on success in engaging the US on climate change.
14799- The implication, of course, is a huge appreciation of the euro against everybody else.
14800- The Convention worked in full transparency for more than a year, designing a single, consolidated draft Treaty that was agreed upon by a broad consensus among its members.
14801- Does extreme poverty breed violence and ultimately revolution?
14802- But competition is as important as financing in determining a university's quality, because competition increases the merit of the product.
14803- The BBC's Nepalese service, which used to be relayed through a network of 12 FM stations all over the country, has been stopped.
14804- Each side, believing it will end up at war with the other, makes reasonable military preparations that are read by the other side as confirmation of its worst fears.
14805- Although the IMF has changed a lot in recent years, there is no denying that there are still major holes in the international system--not least the lack of a fair and orderly procedure for dealing with highly indebted countries that become insolvent.
14806- Indeed, in the new global balance, where football has become much more than sport, Europe is back with a vengeance.
14807- Finally, he may have to rein in Pakistan's powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency, a counterespionage and intelligence organization that remains in control of Pakistan's clandestine operations within Indian-controlled Kashmir.
14808- These migrants exist with no job security, no long-term housing, and no health care;
14809- Citizens have the right to know how their money is being spent and who is being consulted to form policy.
14810- The only radios permitted in North Korea can only be tuned to North Korean stations.
14811- And the German team has put on a wonderful display of heart warming and modern offensive soccer (which nobody could have expected!).
14812- Germany's Nazi past is uniquely horrible, so comparisons with other countries with blighted histories are misleading.
14813- Who sets the rules of the game?
14814- But universities have always been hard-pressed to justify their existence in such immediate cost-benefit terms.
14815- To have removed the issue from domestic ideological controversy ranks as a major achievement of Schroeder's tenure.
14816- Who is responsible for the sterile language of commercials seen on every wall and television, indeed, seen everywhere, and without which we appear to be unable to know even the time of day?
14817- Some are bent on destruction.
14818- The same could be said of China today, where the gaps between rich and poor, urban and rural populations, and coastal and inland culture are so great that it is much harder than before for people from varied walks of life to feel that they share common plights and goals.
14819- This blinded all three countries to the centrality of community.
14820- But, having invoked solidarity with Islamists all over the world, these expertsy have created a high demand for their skills.
14821- Countries hold these reserves in a variety of forms, including gold and US Treasury bills.
14822- The shame of Le Pen's newfound prominence may yet prove beneficial if it forces the mainstream political establishment to heed popular concerns and address the country's problems.
14823- All mainstream parties are rallying round Jacques Chirac to keep out Monsieur Le Pen.
14824- Drafters of the next rendition of the European Constitution should take notice.
14825- All 26 NATO nations are now, as an Alliance, working together to respond to the Iraqi government's request for support: by training Iraqi security forces, by providing equipment, or by helping to fund NATO's efforts.
14826- Countries with large populations, and hence large internal markets, tend to grow more rapidly than countries with small populations.
14827- In other words, we need to distinguish between stimulating economic growth and sustaining it.
14828- Neither the vast majority of US soldiers nor Americans as individuals have done anything wrong in Iraq (apart from the invasion itself), and thus might balk at allegations of collective guilt for the atrocities.
14829- What, indeed, will be the nature of America's next recession, that is, if America has a recession?
14830- Back then, Malaysia's ethnic tensions produced communal riots in which both Chinese and Malays were killed.
14831- Although the Iraqi forces were quickly expelled from Kuwait, Saddam's overwhelming defeat did nothing to undermine his stature in the Arab world.
14832- As when Marshal Tito was dying in a divided Yugoslavia, the King's royal relations (who are also his political underlings) fear that the ruler's death will unleash chaos.
14833- For almost five years, the â€œwar on terrorâ€ has proved to be a false metaphor that has led to counterproductive and self-defeating policies.
14834- The Group's mandate should be widened, and resources should be provided to allow it to tackle terrorism explicitly.
14835- No, Brigitte Bardot -- we still anticipate the arrival of Gerard Depardieu any day now -- and other celebrities, people unable to shed a tear for our unwanted orphans or for the mass poverty left behind by Ceausecu, fly into Bucharest (undoubtedly by first class) to protect the wild dogs and denounce our mayor.
14836- It may be expensive to educate a child, but it is far more expensive to a society to leave a child without education. Uneducated children will be burdens on their societies for decades to come.
14837- They created a closed culture, impervious to contradictory facts, a culture in which civil rights have been given short shrift and some people have been deemed not to deserve any rights protection at all.
14838- The international community's demand that Japan participate directly in resolving global tensions has helped, by changing the terms of domestic debate.
14839- We need to find ways to harness this in order to let young people be conduits for peace and harmony.
14840- Compared to other countries at about the same level of development, France stands out as being highly suspicious of the benefits of competition (only Belgium fares slightly worse in this regard).
14841- Because its preferred approach of regime change has proven slower than expected, and because time plays into Kim's hands, the Bush administration faces three other options in attempting to deal with North Korea's nuclear weapons.
14842- Nevertheless, because both Hu and Bush fear the economic effects of reducing their country's carbon emissions, each has hidden behind the non-participation of the other to justify absence from international efforts and failure to assume a global leadership role.
14843- It is always easier to be honest when in opposition, although it also has always been far more dangerous, sometimes fatally so, to be out of power or favor in Latin America.
14844- Most importantly, is completion of the FSAP sufficient to achieve the single financial market?
14845- Even when Americans and Europeans agree in principle, such as on trade, this does not always translate into practice.
14846- But the packs multiplied and multiplied.
14847- There are many circumstances in which a nation's GNP (per capita) increases even while its wealth (per capita) declines.
14848- But Russia is also now extending its grasp of energy markets beyond those of its immediate neighbors.
14849- No economic strategy can change that, even if it produces spectacular GDP growth.
14850- With market entry blocked, license owners face little pressure to hold down fares, and the officials who allocate licenses are well placed to collect votes or bribes.
14851- There is a deep disconnect in American politics between scientific knowledge and political decisions.
14852- Its defense expenditures have an even faster pace.
14853- Although almost everyone concedes that some amendments to the constitution are necessary, agreement on what needs to be done has been difficult to reach.
14854- The demand for a new constitution emulating Nigeria's First Republic of the early 1960's, when the country was a federation of powerful regions enjoying a large measure of fiscal autonomy, grew over the years as Nigeria's economy plummeted.
14855- Methyl mercury became the most cost-effective fungicide, because it had recently been banned in Scandinavia and several American states due to environmental and toxicological risks.
14856- The implications of this political sea change have not been entirely lost on Conservative parties (with some possible exceptions, such as the nether reaches of the British Tories).
14857- Lower risk also will bring inflation expectations down and reduce interest rates, which will in turn speed up the compression of Polish government bond yields to comparable EU levels, increasing financial stability.
14858- "I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him [Putin] and be very frank about our concerns," Bush said in late March at Freedom House in Washington.
14859- Even to El-Baradei.
14860- When the Kyoto treaty enters into force on February 16, the global warming community will undoubtedly congratulate itself: to do good they have secured the most expensive worldwide treaty ever. They have succeeded in making global warming a central moral test of our time.
14861- Consider the words of Vitaly Tretyakov, the editor of the weekly Moscow News , on the recent US elections.
14862- Japan's grim outlook is bad news for the world because it is the globe's second leading economic power.
14863- It would also serve to create the beginnings of Iraqi parliamentary and local politics in advance of the elections, which should be held as soon as possible.
14864- Two years ago, Brazil's economy was left for dead, and the election of Worker Party candidate Luiz Inácio "Lula" da Silva as President was widely expected to trigger financial collapse.
14865- A survey in 2001 of the two supposedly most polarized cities, Donetsk and Lviv, showed convergence in their approval of independent Ukraine, with only 1% of respondents in Lviv and 5% in Donetsk preferring that Ukraine be divided into two or more countries.
14866- Nor do we have a Leonid Kuchma, an ineffective, weak-willed president who was widely hated.
14867- The small number of schools, the poor condition of buildings, and the collapse of relationships between students and teachers is also at fault.
14868- While most of the world's advanced countries face increasing difficulties in coping with the forces of globalization and competition from low-wage countries, the Scandinavian countries &#45;&#45; Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden &#45;&#45; seem to have managed these challenges quite well. To be sure, Scandinavian growth is mediocre.
14869- It is up to Ukrainians to decide this for themselves and thus to overcome post-revolutionary disillusion.
14870- If the whip is cracked in Tegucigalpa today, workers in Charlotte will feel it tomorrow.
14871- The fiscal position is, by German standards, unacceptable, and public debt at current levels is contrary to the European Union's Stability and Growth Pact and a burden on future generations.
14872- By abandoning this responsibility, today's state has become not only ineffective but dangerous.
14873- Schizophrenia affects about 1% of people all over the world.
14874- Historians of Europe will probably one day conclude that it is the Holocaust and Europe's relations with its Jews that paved the way for the opening of this process of repentance.
14875- In August, political leaders from the entire world will gather in Johannesburg for the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
14876- The Quartet (the US, Russia, the European Union, and the United Nations) used to be regarded as "One plus Three," but that is no longer the case.
14877- The constitutional process now under way in Iraq represents a hopeful milestone for all Iraqis.
14878- Of real significance here is the press service, All4Syria (www.all4syria.org), created by the Syrian engineer Ayman Abdul Nour.
14879- Silent progress is instead being made on another front.
14880- Commercial banks are awash with these volatile short-term speculative funds, which they lend to governments on the most stringent conditions.
14881-                                     Children, born for Sing-Sing,
14882- A major university department of journalism working with Arab media critics, for example, could provide a much more honest analysis of the station's work.
14883- Elected leaders in these countries face institutional constraints -- parliaments that check the powers of the executive and courts that check the powers of both -- on their ability to shape policy.
14884- Red Cross chapters across Africa, in partnership with other organizations, are now distributing bed nets free of charge to impoverished families, in the same way that Rotary has been distributing polio vaccines.
14885- Monuments compose the body of a nation on display.
14886- As the WHO begins to plan the ICD eleventh edition and the American Psychiatric Association begins to plan the fifth edition of the DSM, one wonders how to ensure additional moral, social, and political accountability in what traditionally have been viewed as the instruments and products of science.
14887- They now need to find new ways of coexisting and cultivating civic amity.
14888- There has also been a sea change in transatlantic cooperation between the EU and the US.
14889- But these defeats did not inspire the Kremlin to abandon the basic strategy.
14890- It welcomed (if it did not actively participate in) the toppling of Venezuela's democratically elected leader, but it continues to support Pakistan's military dictator.
14891- Some good proposals have already surfaced, including one from the major sponsors of the current campaign finance legislation.
14892- They will have less spending power, demand will fall and growth will slow, as during the Gulf War.
14893- Moreover, America can't be trusted to pursue international price stability.
14894- Iran, Romania, and Liberia illustrate that rigid authoritarian systems cannot withstand the shocks of social, political, or economic change, especially at the pace that characterizes today's world.
14895- Much the same is true among the Asian and Latin American members of the constitution of liberty.
14896- All the problems of the Middle East -- Iraq, the Arab-Israeli dispute, the need for political reforms, and Islamic terrorism -- are interconnected.
14897- The cosmopolitans tend to be increasingly wealthy, and their wealth helps mark them as cosmopolitan.
14898- In the Bronx or in Soho, in Washington Square or Times Square, in front of the New York Public Library or near a hot dog stand, across all the planets' races, the banal vies with the exceptional for one's attention.
14899- But Mexico today does have interests--including the price of oil--and being on the Security Council allows it to defend them.
14900- Under the new electoral rules, seats are allotted to parties in proportion to votes, but a special provision induces parties to forge pre-electoral agreements: the pre-electoral coalition that wins the most votes receives a seat premium that ensures a comfortable majority in the Chamber of Deputies (the lower house).
14901- What these newly influential voters want is clear: less immigration, crackdowns on crime, more economic opportunities, but also more protection against economic risk and international competition.
14902- No doubt, the United States has very real -- and growing -- problems with the fairness of its income distribution.
14903- Otherwise, financial destabilization will threaten the fortunes of the very rich.
14904- China also reciprocated outgoing President Kim Dae-jung's overtures in the political-security realm, despite South Korea's strategic ties with the US.
14905- External auditors will scrutinize the use of funds and measure increased outputs.
14906- The philosopher Josh Greene and his colleagues at Princeton University have shown that personal moral dilemmas (for example, whether you would directly kill one person to save seven others) use our emotions rather than higher cognition -- to the chagrin of many philosophers who claimed otherwise.
14907- The form of integration into world markets also plays a central role in economic diversification.
14908- Its reform - or, rather, its re-invention - implies redefining what solidarity means, within both the member states and the EU as a whole.
14909- The Council of course meets in camera , that is without public scrutiny.
14910- When the downside risks associated with such limits and thresholds are brought into estimates of sustainable development, the growth in wealth among the world's wealthy nations will probably turn out to have been less than we now think.
14911- No country likes to open its manufacturing dinosaurs to foreign competition.
14912- Coincidentally, Kahneman's article appeared the same week that Buffett announced the largest philanthropic donation in US history -- $30 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and another $7 billion to other charitable foundations.
14913- Members of the opposition have argued that the country is compelled to reform itself if it is not to have reform imposed from abroad.
14914- The Solid but Regrettable Argument for Israel's Security Fence
14915- Meanwhile, the anguish and sorrow of survivors - almost all of whom lost loved ones - have not found redress.
14916- -1.1
14917- More than 170 Palestinians have died since the violence began in June.
14918- The tax would be payable either when the company is listed on a stock market or when the assets are sold.
14919- Under even the best circumstances for Iraq, with oil prices remaining high, the funds available to maintain and modernize the oil industry are limited.
14920- No doubt some of these pressures were motivated by sincere concerns, but others were driven by the desire of anti-Saudi groups in the US to settle old scores.
14921- Good government also requires sharing a vision of the future -- the purposes and thinking behind public policies -- with the community.
14922- "So I must help them one by one."
14923- The Rise and Fall of Meritocracy
14924- A fundamental problem is that insurance is not a concept that comes naturally to most people.
14925- What America's affirmative action programs may not do is set quotas for minorities, as this prevents competition between different groups.
14926- Only close civilian cooperation in intelligence sharing, police work across borders, tracing financial flows, and working to pre-clear cargo manifests and passenger lists can cope with such a threat.
14927- The current conventional wisdom, most strongly advocated by the American economist Robert Gordon, is that the burst of productivity growth that the US is currently experiencing (and that will turn into a full-fledged economic boom whenever demand growth becomes rapid enough) is due to synergy.
14928- He did this in a demagogical, nationalistic and populist way.
14929- She will continue to emphasize close relations with France because there is no alternative; Britain, absent from the euro zone and the Schengen border regime, remains the odd man-in of the EU.
14930- The Genetic Temptation
14931- China's stock market is dominated by small investors. Roughly 68.7m individual share accounts were opened by the end of 2002.
14932- - drug companies -- whether patent holders or generic drug producers -- must provide drugs to poor countries at prices near to production costs;
14933- We need forces that react more quickly, reach further, and can remain in the field longer.
14934- That is how markets work.
14935- A market-based system gives new firms--hence new technologies--more chances to obtain financing, because many investors assess firms independently.
14936- The result is that they are feeling less French or German, creating greater political room, on both the left and the right, for nationalist ressentiment.
14937- Member states also need intelligence derived from ongoing casework, not to inform policy, at least not directly, but to disrupt and dismantle networks and prevent attacks.
14938- As Tibet, Hong Kong, and Macao returned "to the embrace of the Motherland," Mao's commitment seemed close to realization.
14939- And look how it ended up.
14940- The speaker was not some public relations executive, but Osama bin Laden's chief lieutenant, Ayman al-Zawahiri.
14941- Bolivians wonder why investments of some $3 billion should entitle foreign investors to 82% of the country's vast gas reserves, now estimated to be worth $250 billion.
14942- As a result, Nicaragua's people, not its strongmen, may yet choose the next president.
14943- But interest rates on dollar assets are given in world markets independently of what China does.
14944- The Allies defended those to whom they were bound by treaty, and then the integrity of their own countries.
14945- Moreover, the benefits of tolerating free speech outweigh the harm of abusing it.
14946- There is also talk about membership for Serbia and Ukraine.
14947- Europe's University Challenge
14948- But the status quo is unacceptable.
14949- Moreover, there are plenty of ways for the construction industry to offer untold millions more people the opportunity to call some beautiful place home, simply by building more high-density and high-rise vacation apartment buildings there.
14950- But neither is likely to turn into a full-fledged crisis.
14951- All grandstanding notwithstanding, neither Iraq nor Iran will mount an effective oil embargo on the US.
14952- And when bureaucrats continually thwarted his orders, he used glasnost, or open discussion and democratization.
14953- Those in control of Russian businesses will thus continue to strip assets and convert them into forms of wealth that can be easily taken out of the country.
14954- If the requirements of reciprocity and publicity are applied to the current plans to invade Iraq, the implications are clear.
14955- Europe would be ill-advised to become mesmerized by this approaching disaster.
14956- The system is very elastic, and has shown itself able to accommodate an increasing number of states.
14957- The Commission works best when it sticks to this role.
14958- Americans often ask whether it is all about better European capabilities -- which would be fine for NATO -- or about European integration (i.e. instrumental to a political project).
14959- Cervantes' political parody can be read in many twentieth-century East European stories.
14960- In their "ideal" world without either, there would, they claim, be no unemployment.
14961- A weak, poor Ukraine will always be in danger of whetting the appetites of Russia's unvanquished nationalists, thus undermining President Putin's efforts to make Russia a normal European country.
14962- International policy coordination requires a leader, a first mover.
14963- In the section "Employing workers" of Doing Business , France ranks 134th, compared to 17th for the UK and first for the US.
14964- Furthermore, modern techniques of dynamic hedging have improved the capacity to manage these risks.
14965- That is because intelligence agents look for indicators, correlations, and causes.
14966- The need for reform is self-evident: with structural factors accounting for 75-80% of aggregate budget deficits for the euro area in recent years, the Pact's 3%-of-GDP ceiling for national budget deficits has been breached repeatedly since 2002.
14967- According to the IMF, world real long-term interest rates peaked at nearly 7% on average in 1984, and fell to just below 2% by 2004.
14968- As the escalation of dollar commodity prices continues, so will European interest in a stronger currency.
14969- The WTO talks in Cancun represented the other major failure of globalization in 2003.
14970- Arab and Muslim leaders need to make this clear, be it in public pronouncements by politicians, lectures by teachers, or fatwas by leading clerics.
14971- Like many of Enron's investments, it worked well in the short run, but did not pan out in the long run.
14972- All of these countries imposed capital controls and regulated inward foreign investment in the early stages of their economic development.
14973- They are choosing local councils, publishing newspapers, and organizing various political and social organizations.
14974- So the regime hopes that Iraq becomes a quagmire, forcing the US to ask Syria for help.
14975- Finally, the interest rate criterion requires that rates on 10-year government bonds not be more than two percentage points above the rates in the three countries performing best in terms of inflation .
14976- Life events are relegated to mere triggers of an underlying biological time bomb.
14977- But there is little reason to believe that this proposed bureaucratic monster will provide better security than the existing FSB and MVD forces.
14978- What China really needs is a truly independent monetary policy oriented to domestic objectives. This would enable the PBC to manage domestic demand by allowing interest rates to rise in order to rein in credit growth and deter reckless investment.
14979- In a global world, what happens within one country can all too easily affect others.
14980- Nonetheless, the humanitarian issue remains.
14981- Because the US is such an outspoken proponent of human rights internationally, its failure to respect rights assumes added significance, contributing to a rising tide of anti-Americanism in much of the world.
14982- Thus, the illusion is stronger for objects with easy-to-inspect parts than it is for objects with more invisible, inaccessible, or microscopic parts.
14983- On Saturday, two senior journalists were detained for issuing statements critical of the crackdowns.
14984- Although they generate as many of the ideas as their male colleagues do, it is the latter who go to meetings and present the group's research results.
14985- But if the president will not publicly account for the fidelity of Russia's law enforcement agencies to law, who will?
14986- All too often, however, these have been ignored or dismissed as impractical by those in power.
14987- Thus, evolutionary psychologists infer what makes us who we are from the remains of our Stone Age ancestors (including their DNA), whereas humanists focus on artifacts of a more recent and literate age.
14988- The new government has listened, putting forward a program that is dazzling in its implications, for India and the developing world.
14989- Countries' need for better infrastructure is no license to throw prudence out the window.
14990- International organizations have cut back or eliminated their work in the country, and much bilateral foreign aid has been eliminated, too.
14991- Home equity insurance will clearly not solve all the problems of individual risk, but it will solve a very big one.
14992- Worst of all, aid is not reaching those most affected.
14993- Development as now practiced often fails because it does not build on a country's unique strengths, respect its social traditions, or foster the autonomy necessary to develop indigenous leaders and enterprises.
14994- Morales might yet turn more radical, but, for now, he represents a deep, ethnically inspired demand for historic justice, not a hard-left ideology.
14995- More particularly, there was no evidence for the prime minister's claim that the Iraqi dictator could have launched ``WMD's'', as weapons of mass destruction are now called, ``within 45 minutes''.
14996- But only recently many slow growing countries were eager to develop venture capital markets and foster stock exchanges--France's Nouveau Marche, Germany's Neuer Markt, Italy's Nuovo Mercato, and Mothers in Japan--devoted to risky investments.
14997- The slow launch of longevity bonds ultimately reflects a fundamental question: can we genuinely reduce the impact of longevity risk?
14998- The international community can urge the Palestinians toward a decision.
14999- Thus, SSA countries have only enjoyed independence for a short period in comparison with, say, South America, where countries had their wars of independence around 1810-1820 and achieved some type of constitutional government by 1850-1880.
15000- Some do, of course, none more explicitly than the UK's Labor Party, led by Tony Blair.
15001- In two months, the mountains will get their first snowfall and temperatures will plummet below zero.
15002- There are plenty of memorials on the sites of German concentration camps, and new ones are continually added.
15003- That recession was destructive, but it had one silver lining: an inspiration to the world that an independent central bank can take tough measures to ensure price stability.
15004- Indeed, many anti-Jewish outbursts in a number of countries are rooted in condemnations of Israel that exploit anti-Semitic terminology.
15005- Imported legal solutions, it appears, are unlikely to work unless key constituencies - local farmers or business owners, say - support the process of legal transplantation and develop a demand for the legal solutions the transplanted rules offer.
15006- Examining the US-led coalition's prewar actions may well expose official deception and manipulation in making the case for military intervention.
15007- Rogozin for President
15008- In New York City, one can get help during the weekends to prepare meals for the coming week, with a culinary expert to advise you on the recipes, buy the groceries, and do part of the cooking.
15009- He will not want Malaysia to fall far behind.
15010- The Case Against Emergency Food Aid
15011- Vajpayee, for his part, has hinted that if Pakistan wants a decent deal, it ought to make one with him, as he might be the last Indian leader for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue.
15012- This means that what is banned in one country is permitted elsewhere.
15013- Simultaneously, the eastern part of the country descended into anarchy.
15014- After all, generals will be more inclined to identify efficiencies if they believe that doing so will ultimately enable them to enhance their capabilities.
15015- · More emphasis must be placed on dramatically improving the quality of governance in developing countries.
15016- The country's rich vein of Islamic scholarship has embraced new ideas and sought to interpret the Koran in a manner that reveals its compatibility with democracy, human rights, gender equality and social justice.
15017- The fight against terror turns on who will strike first; so far, the terrorists have been faster and more professional than the Russian state.
15018- In fact, official documents have now even started questioning the legitimacy of the privatization of the leading Russian companies in the 1990's, which has opened the way for discussions about revising the outcomes of these privatizations.
15019- Despite the intifada , the number of settlers has decreased in only a few of the 144 settlements, and there are over 7,000 settlers in the Gaza Strip alone, in 16 communities occupying 20% of an impoverished land already suffering one of the highest population densities in the world.
15020- · Court public opinion. It is not only Middle East governments that should be involved.
15021- Millions of people could be spared malaria, HIV/AIDS, hunger, and life in slums.
15022- But that is its flaw: it stands only for the president. What he wants, it votes for.
15023- Vice President Atiku Abubakar -- a likely presidential aspirant in 2007 -- has been harassed and isolated.
15024- Rather than heralding a new era of freedom, the Internet is enabling Chinese authorities to perfect totalitarian control in a way that puts the rulers in George Orwell's 1984 to shame.
15025- For those Asian countries that recall Japan's moderate and sensible advancement of regional policies since the 1960's, there is a growing expectation that Japan should re-think its stance.
15026- Much now depends on whether the same is true of the other major outcome, which is that Yukos's principal asset -- Yuganskneftegaz -- is now in state hands, while its remaining units appear doomed to nationalization.
15027- The issues surrounding reform remain controversial and unsettled, but this time, the ministers laid their cards on the table.
15028- Ruling coalitions were at the same time in disadvantageous positions vis-à-vis opposition parties, which attacked the incumbents for failing to negotiate good membership terms, without themselves having to pass the test of negotiating better conditions.
15029- Would Moscow's mayor Yuri Luzkhov, a loyal creature of Putin, have dared to attend the rally where autonomy was demanded without the sanction of the Kremlin's elected monarch?
15030- Wars always have winners and losers.
15031- There is no shame in being poor in China if one reflects that one's children or grandchildren will be wealthy and successful.
15032- Germany
15033- There are several reasons for this success, and Mahathir deserves much of the credit.
15034- It is time to acknowledge that the "war on drugs" is lost--indeed, a monumental failure--and that hostilities should end.
15035- But this concern and sensibility is a little too self-congratulatory, for it allows Europeans to gloss over the very real problems they now have with their own vaunted social solidarity.
15036- Scenes from the Drug War
15037- Countries that managed to grow rapidly and reduce poverty also tended to become increasingly integrated into the world economy.
15038- Whatever the case, for many Germans the capitalist allocation processes they are seeing make no sense.
15039- More and more members of a governmental machine that thought it could impose a fraudulent election on Ukraine's people are shying away from imposing that choice by force.
15040- Locally, but sometimes still at a grand scale, the shock waves cause major sediment slides on steep underwater slopes such as those of the continental shelves.
15041- Is the West ready?
15042- Can the aid be monitored and measured?
15043- This leaves unification as the last tie to Mao's revolution and justification for one-party rule.
15044- It is appalling that the world has decided to blame the United States for the crushing end to five years of global trade talks last month (the so-called "Doha round").
15045- However, Turks are all too aware of the passions that their country's EU candidacy stokes in Europe.
15046- If this mechanism didn't work properly, we might falsely attribute sensations caused by our own actions to something happening in the outside world over which we have no control.
15047- One-quarter of China's people drink substandard water; one-third of urbanites breathe badly polluted air.
15048- However, early retirement schemes also imply tremendous-and often neglected-costs for government budgets and the pension systems by increasing benefit payments while reducing contributions.
15049- For these reasons, Syria could well become a potential target for American military adventurism.
15050- The East Asian Triangle
15051- · First, American troops should be relocated from the vicinity of Mecca and Medina, not bowing to pressure but to occupy Iraq, thereby removing a source of anti-American rage, while allowing the United States to continue stabilizing the region militarily.
15052- Diversity is very high; cultural practices vary widely.
15053- Angela Merkel Meets the World
15054- Moreover, China plans to improve and expand its capabilities for assault landing and joint logistical support, both of which used to be weak points.
15055- But that harvest will not even be as good as last year's abysmal one.
15056- They were right to be skeptical about US claims of an imminent danger from weapons of mass destruction.
15057- Since February 1, the Nepali media have been subjected to absolute censorship.
15058- So is employing young men, educating young women, and addressing values of liberty and justice, which means ameliorating the sense of indignity in the region that stems from issues like the Israel-Palestine conflict.
15059- True, many new technologies were developed and first applied in the US.
15060- Extremist parties have also been marginalized owing to their weak position in pan-European politics.
15061- A renewed Euro-American partnership based on our own respective styles and instruments in foreign policy will benefit both sides.
15062- Beheadings online, fatwas online: the subterranean world of Islam's radical fringe can be found on countless Internet sites.
15063- This is where the third element of a liberal order comes into play: civil society.
15064- For a writer, the exile par excellence - always a ``suspect,'' as Thomas Mann said - language is his placenta.
15065- If, however, Europeans gain a sense of where they should be going, perhaps in time the national identities forged in the last couple of hundred years (for they are not much older than that) will become like the appendix - a part of the human body responsible for little else but an occasional inflammation.
15066- President Putin and his allies have every reason to rejoice.
15067- Georgia itself needs all the help it can get, which requires an emergency action plan different from the others.
15068- Once portfolio investors start selling their dollar-denominated securities, a stampede will follow, causing the dollar's value to crash and triggering the first major global financial crisis of the twenty-first century.
15069- So the strength of the French private sector has created the material basis for a welfare state that is truly parasitical: it weakens its host (the private sector) without killing it.
15070- September 11
15071- But if these stunning economic statistics make you think that so much capitalist development must also have brought more democracy to China, think again.
15072- Iran's near-term political future remains unclear.
15073- Iraqi democrats must re-assess and develop a clear public strategy.
15074- -3.2
15075- True, his democratic Russia was permitted some role in global diplomacy.
15076- -0.2
15077- Many thought that he was moving too far, too fast; that he was expecting too much from Malays asked to make the cultural quantum leap from village to boardroom in a generation.
15078- The other, ``general reform'' agenda, has attracted scarcely any of his energy, and seems unlikely to do so.
15079- Europeans may be more cheerful, believing that the Chinese market will open not only for European engineering products and machine tools to equip the new workshop of the world, but also for luxury goods and even the tourism demanded by a new and affluent Chinese middle class.
15080- Much depends on whether the West retains its sway in other parts of the world.
15081- It all depends on a value judgment -- one of the many value judgments societies must make with respect to modern medicine.
15082- Moreover, the US should stop wasting so much money on military spending and redirect its efforts towards the world's poorest people.
15083- Their research identified hundreds of regions of the human genome where the number of copies of a particular DNA segment varied from individual to individual. With only a few exceptions, all DNA segments were thought to exist in two copies (one copy inherited from your mother and one copy inherited from your father).
15084- Isolation has brought confusion about Japan's place in the world.
15085- Moreover, real estate prices will most likely stop rising rapidly -- indeed, they may even decline.
15086- But under the international rules that America is supposed to follow, wars should not be undertaken based on the judgment of one individual and his cabal.
15087- While revolutions in the late 1980's and early 1990's were directed against totalitarian communist regimes, nowadays they aim to get rid of this mafia-type post-communism.
15088- After all, the peacekeeping forces in Bosnia can, should they decide to act, arrest Radovan Karadzic and General Ratko Mladic, the leaders of the Bosnian Serbs who have been indicted by the Hague Tribunal.
15089- So Khodorkovsky was targeted.
15090- Indeed, although painful, acceptance of Western values by a society excluded for centuries from European history has gained momentum despite the fact that we often see ourselves as different from Western nations.
15091- A strategy of isolation has resulted in a dangerous alliance of convenience among extremist forces excluded from political processes and power structures.
15092- The bad news is that the threats will almost surely intensify in the coming years, as our planet becomes even more crowded and subject to man-made change.
15093- Each step led to progressively greater integration.
15094- So early action on global warming is basically a costly way of doing very little for much richer people far in the future.
15095- Thus, while ethnic inequities have been dramatically reduced over the past 50 years, the historical memory remains vivid to new generations of the now urban Aymaras and Quechuas people.
15096- By the time most learned about the order and the penalty, the two weeks were gone and the army had started to execute those found still to be in possession of the grain.
15097- To be sure, Iraqis of different ethnic or religious backgrounds are divided over many issues, but they also embrace a common national identity, as well as a desire for democracy.
15098- It took hard military power to sever that tie.
15099- A Doomsday Scenario
15100- Even in the better-known cases, institutional changes at the outset of growth acceleration were typically modest.
15101- For the victorious coalition of the Law and Justice (PiS) party and Civic Platform (PO) is torn between liberal (PO) and populist instincts (PiS). 
15102- While trade and investment ties with China helped boost the continent's overall economic growth to a record-high 5.2% in 2005, China also cancelled $10 billion in bilateral debts from African countries.
15103- Aided by systems developed by western intelligence agencies, China has forged a virtual sword that threatens to block the path to democracy.
15104- Iraq thus showed both the strength and the limitations of the UN.
15105- Objectively speaking, Ukraine today is more secure as a nation than at any time in its history.
15106- First, the rest of the world ratified the Kyoto Protocol to control emissions of carbon dioxide.
15107- It is far better to remember that when it comes to leadership, many qualities other than a first-class degree come into play.
15108- In February 2003, the Duma passed a decree stating that the Sakharov museum exhibition's purpose was to incite religious hatred and to insult believers and the Orthodox Church.
15109- Political survival is one reason: when in a minority, the option of pressing for an Islamic state, with all its undemocratic potential is closed.
15110- Only the Federal Reserve can do that - and the Federal Reserve is very unlikely to sacrifice the jobs of American workers on the altar of the strong dollar.
15111- Annan rejected both demands, proposing that Dallaire make the informant's identity known to Rwandan President Habyarimana, a Hutu, even though the informant had expressly named the President's closest entourage as the authors of the genocide blueprint.
15112- Her stall is far from ideal; with every gust of wind, sand and dirt blow over the meat.
15113- In the last century Estonians believed in security guarantees and the Finns did not.
15114- Without cynicism, the answer is much the same.
15115- Two other temptations must also be resisted.
15116- Yet, despite countless atrocities committed by both sides, Colombia's government has entered into dialogue -- aided by the Mexican and French governments, as well as the UN -- with all of these illegal groups in the cause of peace.
15117- There are those who welcome what Bush has brought to the bilateral party because it will allow them to live without fear.
15118- Still, by substituting the Basic Law for the Fuehrer in the postwar amendment of the crime, contemporary Germans have in effect nullified the crime of treason.
15119- The size of the income gap combines with the small growth differentials to imply that the process of real convergence will extend far beyond even the most cautious dates for EU and EMU entry, probably lasting several decades.
15120- The typical argument one hears is, "What about the poor guy with the gas-guzzling 1980 Chevy car, who has no other way to get to work?"
15121- Nor will there be much progress on a matter dear to Berlin, namely Germany's application to enter the UN Security Council as a permanent member.
15122- In fact, the new consensus is shared by most of Labour and the main opposition within Likud.
15123- While it is true that Germany and Japan became democratic after American occupation, it required their total defeat in a devastating war, and a seven-year occupation.
15124- Kim Jong Il's father similarly ensured a smooth succession a decade ago by appointing family members to positions of power for 40 years, clearing the way by sending the incumbents to concentration camps.
15125- In these circumstances, the model functions as classic presidentialism (even if it does not produce legislative majorities).
15126- And who would deny that monetary policy has to do with money?
15127- When computer programming became widespread, pieces of software were found to behave the same way, and were thus called "viruses."
15128- Were Islamic values as fateful as Huntington suggests, there should have been sharp differences in inequality and the treatment of women between these communities.
15129- Its price has crashed; exaggerated expectations for the Euro have unraveled.
15130- So far, the right-wing Sharon government, which seems to give only lip service to peace, is more than happy to engage in military actions that it knows will lead to Palestinian retaliations.
15131- Hamas's crushing defeat of Fatah in this week's elections brings the Palestinian people to a crossroads.
15132- Polls show him trailing Oscar Berger, a conservative former Guatemala City mayor supported by the business community, as well as the more leftist candidate, Alvaro Colom.
15133- Public debate about how to improve the system has commenced.
15134- From now on, presidential appointees will rule a country that is as complex and multi-national as the EU or the US.
15135- Yet, to understand the difficulty of responding to the problems that Iran's nuclear ambition and anti-Israel obsession now pose, it might be helpful to analyze the three analogies that are most commonly used.
15136- Damage to infrastructure and the environment will also continue to be felt once hostilities cease.
15137- In any event, the war in Iraq will not protect the world's energy supplies in 50 years.
15138- It is a war of choice, not necessity.
15139- What is needed is a conscious, deliberate return of US foreign policy to multilateralism.
15140- Others have only whispered their longing for such a statement.
15141- The Philippine government has proposed that half of all scheduled debt payments be withheld for a specified period, to be invested in reforestation, clean water, housing, food production, primary healthcare, sanitation, basic education, farm-to-market roads, ecologically sound tourism, micro-finance, and related MDG projects.
15142- Their opponents focus on the disruptive effects of immigration, particularly among the most vulnerable citizens in countries that already suffer from high unemployment.
15143- Bush's tax cutting was irresponsible from the start, but became much more so after September 11, 2001.
15144- This was literally true, because the British had reported that.
15145- Yet some tried to turn it into a new ideological edifice.
15146- What happens in Iraq will obviously have an impact on the wider region.
15147- Turkey, after much huffing and puffing, has had its status as an officially recognized candidate for membership reaffirmed, even if mighty doubts remain as to when it will actually join.
15148- But close relations with the US do not mean that Russia must neglect its own interests, both political and economic.
15149- Today, a photo of Che's image displayed on the façade of Cuba's Interior Ministry is a must-have for tourists.
15150- Democracy requires an informed citizenry able to question its government.
15151- Economic growth without social justice merely prolongs the denial of decent living conditions to the majority of Africa's people for the benefit of a tiny rich minority.
15152- At the same time we must avoid creating a presidential system that functions independently of the Council, the Commission, and the member states.
15153- This isn't for lack of structural reforms.
15154- A visitor in Cuba finds many ready to complain, but the palpable fear and visceral hatred rampant in El Salvador and Chile in the 1980's is absent in today's Cuba.
15155- After decades of successively imposed constitutions, an elected assembly has overseen the process of drafting a new permanent constitution, and the draft text will be voted on by ordinary Iraqis on October 15.
15156- That is the culture of the UN: believe the best of barbarians, do nothing to provoke controversy among superiors, and let others be the butt of criticism afterwards.
15157- According to a report released by the National Institute for Educational Planning Administration (NIEPA) in 2005, 8.1% of primary schools in India have no classrooms, while 17.5% have only one teacher.
15158- This devotion to violence stands on two legs: radical culture and injustice.
15159- This autonomy has served science well, and independent and accountable science has served society and the economy well.
15160- Saddam is, thus, doomed and it does not matter whether Europe cooperates with the US or not.
15161- But Ellwanger's appeal, which took almost a year for Brazil's Supreme Court to hear and decide, put Brazil squarely on the side of those who believe that inciting hatred against even a small minority - such as Jews in Brazil - cannot be allowed in the name of freedom of speech.
15162- The war bled Europe of a generation of youth, and set the stage for a second war a generation later.
15163- Italy provides a good example of this: before the EMU, the country was plagued by high inflation, high interest rates and a very high cost of government debt which threatened the stability of public finances and the standard of living in Italy.
15164- Nor can he possibly excuse himself by saying that no warnings were given, or that he lacked resources, or that he did not have the international position to intervene.
15165- Sudden terror before this omnipresent, all-devouring monster was soon overtaken by fascination.
15166- So perhaps the key to understanding the symptoms of schizophrenia at a physiological level will come from studying connections between different brain regions.
15167- But this initial triumph of the PC (and very substantial sales in the 1980's) did not immediately fulfill all the initial hopes for individual empowerment and social transformation.
15168- Quite a few in Europe define the EU as an instrument for holding their own against the United States.
15169- • Third, oil and other natural resources, while perhaps a source of wealth, do not create jobs by themselves, and unfortunately, they often crowd out other economic sectors.
15170- For their part, EU governments should provide the UN - on whose involvement in Iraq they have long insisted - with the protective force it needs to prepare nation-wide elections in Iraq later in the year, and ask others to join.
15171- But allied leaders must also act on the knowledge that NATO does not have the skills, resources, or experience to take full charge of meeting Afghanistan's requirements for external civilian help.
15172- But what could take the place of the stable exchange rate as an anchor for monetary policy and for tying down inflation expectations?
15173- Of course, if one looks at many different investment strategies and many different countries, one can find something that performed spectacularly in the past, even if there is no strategy that can be expected to do so well in the future.
15174- Many of them will also be desirable: longer, healthier, and higher quality lives as we learn more about the details of human biology.
15175- Indeed, until the mid-1970's, the number of hours worked on either side of the Atlantic was roughly the same.
15176- A Chinese worker simply cannot buy the same goods and services as a worker in the EU, and workers in low-wage countries spend only a small portion of their incomes on EU products.
15177- Undocumented workers pick America's crops, clean Americans' houses, and serve Americans their food, but their fate simply does not matter to many US citizens.
15178- That is why Europeans should hope that the wave of corporate restructuring and reformation, which many thought would follow inevitably in the wake of the creation of the single market, begins to crest across the Continent and change the way businesses are run.
15179- In July 1995, Serb forces attacked. The UN did not honor its pledge.
15180- Even with our closest allies, there were disputes over diplomatic policy, weapons deployment, and military strategies.
15181- While a weak dollar may be good for exports, a falling dollar will be accompanied by stock market losses and greater declines in confidence.
15182- The most urgent is the looming war between America and Iraq.
15183- Islam as a Tool of Modernization
15184- G-8 Movie Night
15185- Slow growth has silenced the monetarists on the ECB's Governing Council.
15186- A Gasp from Europe
15187- It was not until the Iranian revolution that the seminary establishment came to be considered a source of political legitimacy.
15188- Japan sees them as a way to enhance its international competitiveness, and to provide China with incentives for geopolitical moderation.
15189- Bush's Crash Test Economics
15190- Many Europeans are, in fact, calling on the EU to act to reduce unemployment and to intervene decisively in the international arena.
15191- These people are guided by the belief that international relations are relations of power, not law.
15192- All those associated with it were new to such proceedings, and had to learn on the job, as there had been no such bodies since the courts at Nuremberg and Tokyo after World War II.
15193- The institutional structure envisaged by the proposed European Constitution should also reflect and help develop Europe's broader aspirations.
15194- Consider the transformation of American military behavior from the Vietnam era, when commanders spoke of destroying villages "in order to save them," to its operations in Kosovo and Afghanistan, where military lawyers and even ICRC officials were consulted on what targets could be bombed.
15195- After some procrastination and an initial failed attempt, Milosevic has been arrested, without bloodshed, though not without danger.
15196- China does have some common interests in fighting Islamic extremist terrorism, and it did not try to block America's path to the Iraqi war in the UN Security Council.
15197- Other infectious diseases are likely to emerge, or to become more severe (as with dengue fever in Asia this year), as a result of changes in climate and interaction between human and animal habitats. Another common element in all of these disasters is our shocking lack of preparedness, especially to help the poorest members of society.
15198- They tend to believe that culture reflects the existence of a soul type, or that it's an expression of humans' intelligence and creativity.
15199- Several factors appear to explain the Nordic countries' economic success.
15200- Deeper analysis would have told them instead that the rise would be short-lived.
15201- The barrage of Hezbollah and Hamas rockets has shown the folly of such thinking.
15202- Second, the Security Council now looks like a paper tiger because its authority was successfully challenged by a worn-out regime.
15203- Today the IMF is more aware of the impact its programs have on poverty--though it still does not produce a "poverty and unemployment impact" statement when it presents a program.
15204- Theoretical research and the practical experiences of many countries both show that focusing on price stability is the best way for monetary policy to achieve the broader objectives in the charter of the PBC: macroeconomic and financial stability, high employment growth, etc.
15205- In most cases, the women are as smart as the men, if not smarter.
15206- This evidence linking employment to dynamism and tracing dynamism to favorable institutions, such as a well-developed stock market, and to obstructive institutions, such as myriad licenses for entry by new firms, is an advance in our understanding of healthy economies.
15207- Most vacationers seem to derive a sense of excitement from the presence of many other vacationers around them.
15208- Iraq is a disaster, and nothing indicates that the situation can be turned around.
15209- The most offensive--and dangerous--aspect of his statement was its equation of the EU with France and Germany.
15210- Of course, it is always morally reprehensible, even when it fails to produce lasting psychiatric symptoms.
15211- In the summer of 2002, a team of Arab scholars produced the Arab Human Development Report , written on behalf of the UN Development Program and the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development.
15212- Even powerful America cannot hunt down everyone everywhere who employs violence as a political weapon.
15213- In Africa, such an approach is particularly noxious because there is no real commitment on the part of African rulers to unity, which offers the prospect of creating a bureaucracy with no mission but to waste Africa's scarce resources.
15214- The British government tried to wriggle out of taking sides on the implications of the French and Dutch votes by saying that it would suspend its own plans for a referendum, but not cancel it outright.
15215- Even slowing the economy is hard: lacking an efficient financial system, credit growth must be controlled directly through banks.
15216- Lawyers must seek this distinction, for if we surrender to the rhetorical claims of statesmen and paranoids, the line between aggression and self-defense will disappear.
15217- At the same time, increased trade can help create and sustain a middle class -- precisely the social group that often stands at the forefront of movements for democratic reform.
15218- This self-respect is fostered by organizations and institutions that can likewise stand on their own feet, building on the best of their own cultural traditions.
15219- Reformers insist that the vast majority of people support moderate solutions, or at least that radical Islamist groups would have to become pragmatic in order to compete for power and govern.
15220- While conservatives vilified him, Keynes actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro-market financiers put together.
15221- Status differentiation is progressively replacing the model of equal rights and obligations of all member states.
15222- To this muddle should be added the old Peasant party -- more moderate but also statist and "euro skeptical."
15223- Here is a man who was not only a world champion, but also a model son and father.
15224- The content of chlorine (from decay of CFC's) in the stratosphere has leveled off, and two years ago the ozone hole over the Antarctic was the smallest in decades (and broken up into two).
15225- To manage this situation, no panaceas are on offer, and no miracles expected.
15226- More and more people believe that they are doing their children a favor by letting themselves be buried anonymously "under the green grass" to spare them the costs of the funeral and the upkeep of the grave.
15227- One school believes that modern terrorism cannot be eradicated, or that the costs of doing so are unacceptably high.
15228- To date only a proposed ASEAN-China FTA has got off the starting blocks. Similar initiatives are afoot in Northeast Asia.
15229- It is noteworthy that in the Scandinavian countries, which enjoy some of the most progressive social protections in Europe, these benefits are provided by statutory laws enacted by legislatures rather than by courts enacting constitutional "rights."
15230- When France first invited Britain to join the infant European enterprise, a decade before General de Gaulle barred the door, the supercilious mandarins in Britain's Treasury ensured that Britain would indignantly reject the offer.
15231- After all, it took 7,000 years for agriculture to arrive in England from the Near East, and nobody would argue that the cognitive abilities of Mesolithic hunter-gatherers from England were inferior to those of early agriculturalists.
15232- What can be done?
15233- It is because Britain is a democracy that respects the rule of law that it has been able to mobilize vast sectors of its Muslim community.
15234- The loss is still blamed on the Xiang River Battle, the Army's first big engagement of the March.
15235- These problems are not America's alone, for they are inherent to all efforts to privatize social welfare.
15236- Mr Putin is perhaps the most exteme in this regard, but Blair and Berlusconi are not far behind in possessing this "policy immunity."
15237- (Another reason stems from recent reports concerning the rapid melting of the polar ice cap, which seem to reconfirm worries about global warming.)
15238- These two attributes of supervisory agencies - political independence and political accountability - are often presented as zero-sum choices: more of one necessarily means less of the other.
15239- In The Influence of Sea Power upon History, published in 1890, Mahan argued that maritime power and economic development were deeply intertwined. Only the ability to protect trade and project power by sea could assure the vitality of this nexus.
15240- This is probably too pessimistic.
15241- Moreover, Russia's dialogue with the European Union reached a dead end in 2004.
15242- Increased liquidity in international capital markets also reduced the need to obtain multilateral financing, and with it the need to accept conditions like privatization of natural resources and deregulation of public utilities.
15243- Overinflated prices lead firms to overinvest.
15244- Dissecting the Poverty Trap
15245- The UN and NATO are widely perceived as damaged, if not broken, by their failure to agree on what to do about Iraq.
15246- Critics of European monetary integration often point out that, in the absence of political union, monetary union is doomed to fail.
15247- From the beginning of the integration process, Europe's founding fathers had made it abundantly clear that the ultimate goal was a political union, with economic integration being but the first step.
15248- But the recent arrests in Ghana expose this strategy's true price.
15249- Morley's index, on a scale of zero to one, stood at 0.52 in 1977, but rose to 0.82 by 2000.
15250- It is possible that the SARS coronavirus does not cause serious disease in its natural, wild animal hosts.
15251- But skeptics reply that China is merely waiting for its economy to lay the basis for future hegemony.
15252- A more immediate concern is the immense number of people who will need to be resettled when reservoirs inundate the region's densely populated valleys.
15253- But with presidential elections looming, no US government would cut spending or raise taxes.
15254- Aid cutoffs regularly fail to produce desired political results for at least two reasons.
15255- But documents that I have seen indicate that the general who commanded the division that crossed the Dadu River first told Party historians a very different story.
15256- But the settlement raises more questions than it answers.
15257- In other words, quibbling over details should come after both sides agree on the principle of respect for the pre-1967 borders, which are recognized by key countries throughout the region and around the world, and are enshrined in numerous UN resolutions.
15258- And yet few countries have a more paradoxical relationship than the US and Iran.
15259- As liberating as it was, going from internal exile into exile itself was a no easy experience.
15260- Other countries must then tell America that the state can't stand back and let the market do this job: accurate business information is a governmental responsibility.
15261- Cheerleaders of the private sector, however, failed to reckon with the ability of company bosses to indulge in corrupt practices on an almost unfathomable scale, something American corporate capitalism has demonstrated amply of late.
15262- For three decades, this worked.
15263- Intimidation and suppression can only breed hostility among ordinary Taiwanese.
15264- The elite's gripes about Putin's foreign policy are many, but they center mostly on the notion that America is running roughshod over Russian interests.
15265- This document was intended to serve as an implicit acceptance of Israel's right to exist.
15266- It now appears, however, that some of the boom of the last years of the 1990s was as much a mirage as the collapsed boom of East Asia.
15267- To prevent new downward spirals of violence, our intervention needs to be swift, smart, and on a sufficient scale to turn the tide towards a sustainable peace.
15268- But political expression remains constrained.
15269- The people of the Middle East deserve peace and justice, and we in the international community owe them our strong leadership and support.
15270- History does not always produce a new project"
15271- Independence boosts the effectiveness of market supervision only when accompanied by accountability.
15272- The more the world develops the more disorder there will be.
15273- But to do so would be a serious mistake.
15274- Instead the Bush administration decided to wage the war essentially on its own; for this kind of small war, it really did not need its European allies, although in the latter stages of the fighting, French Mirage jets, and British, German, Danish, and Norwegian special forces troops were active in battles in the mountains along the Afghanistan/Pakistan border.
15275- As Oliver Wendell Holmes famously put it in a 1919 US Supreme Court decision, "Even the most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man in falsely shouting 'fire' in a crowded theater and causing a panic."
15276- All we have are endless arguments, not practical alternatives to discuss and decide upon.
15277- The question then is: can Japan's popular and reform-minded new prime minister Junichero Koizumi turn things around?
15278- If a chancellor is no longer popular Schröders case today he loses leverage over his parliamentary majority.
15279- In the putatively "radical" interpretation, the relationship between Israel and the Palestinians is rarely seen as a conflict between two groups with sometimes tragically opposed interests.
15280- A new powerful ministry should be charged with coordinating the responses to climate change, water stress, and other ecosystem crises.
15281- Globalization is under strain as never before.
15282- For this reason, China is attempting to use economic and military aid as leverage to improve relations even with countries with which it has had military confrontations with in the past, most prominently Vietnam and the Philippines.
15283- What communism failed to provide -- modern management, new technologies, and marketing know-how -- was what multinationals could offer.
15284- Indeed, as early as the final years of the Cold War, the US began to view the whole system of international treaties and institutions as an obstacle to enforcing its own interests.
15285- But the leaders of the world's rich countries have great difficulty addressing risks to their relative success vis-à-vis less developed countries, because national self-esteem is too tied up with it.
15286- For years, World Bank economists have tried to convince the IMF to see this logic, with little progress.
15287- The fishing economy rebounded and flourished -- but only for about ten years.
15288- It also paved the way for a parliament in which over a quarter of the members are women -- this in a country where, just five years ago, women were not even allowed to leave the house without a male relative.
15289- Similarly, many African states now seem to be leaning heavily toward China in its dispute with Taiwan.
15290- Curiously, in Tehran, Iran, the choice is markedly in favor of Iranian, rather than Muslim, identity.
15291- Above all, it is to acknowledge that democratic societies must use both political and police tactics in confronting fanatical terrorists.
15292- Many Confucian emperors were brutal.
15293- In fact, most human motives are mixed.
15294- This change in Shiite orientation also reflects a very modern influence on politics.
15295- Under the new electoral system, all of these parties will be competing with each other for the same votes, and each one will seek to protect its own constituency or claim credit for whatever is accomplished.
15296- Russia's Incompetent War on Terror
15297- Science tells us that common-sense dualism is wrong.
15298- Three years into the global war on terror, some ask whether America is safer, and if the world is better off.
15299- As IMF Managing Director, my message was one of vigilance and action.
15300- Second, since the world market for raw cashews is less competitive than that for processed cashews, Mozambique suffered a loss in its external terms of trade.
15301- Indeed, the "creative destruction" that generates unacceptable risk to individuals is poised to deliver the means for tempering these same risks.
15302- Secretary Abraham said it did not; that his department was only studying adaptations of existing weapons.
15303- How is Germany reacting to the escalating violence by Islamic fundamentalists in Holland, Britain, and elsewhere in Europe?
15304- Pockets of polio transmission also persist in India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan.
15305- The US promised action to fight man-made climate change as a signatory to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC) in 1992.
15306- Most of the leaders mentioned earlier command a strong loyalty from only a small minority of their total electorates, so their legitimacy is dubious.
15307- ACT is working to register voters, and MoveOn is getting more people engaged in the national debate over Bush's policies.
15308- Some of the rules that it proposes are unenforceable -- and thus merely a source of red tape for migrants and their employers that would require huge public bureaucracies to administer.
15309- Here too, the early signs are encouraging.
15310- But it is also dangerous, because it derives from China's old weaknesses rather than its new strengths.
15311- Not all of the sources of soft power were American -- witness the role of the BBC and the Beatles.
15312- The result was the failure to create a Palestinian state.
15313- One of the top priorities had been the Republican plan to complete the repeal of the estate tax on the richest Americans.
15314- Know Thyself, Russia
15315- 1868 176 209
15316- Major investments in employment, tightened budgets and improved human capital have strengthened the economy, raising both its medium term potential for growth and its stability.
15317- A lot has been said and written in the wake of the disaster about how little Americans seem to care for one another.
15318- As a result of these improved relations, Indonesia has received Chinese short-range missile technology.
15319- But Darfur, like Tigre, needs a development strategy to fight hunger and drought even more than it needs peacekeepers.
15320- If he is able to produce a stable constitution, a political compromise among the contesting parties, and successful elections, he may be able to declare victory.
15321- They were worried about the EU's future—certainly more so than their Western counterparts.
15322- It would be wrong to draw long-term conclusions from short-term economic information, even if this information confirms reality.
15323- So will the world.
15324- The justification for canceling elections in Russia is the need to fight terrorism -- the end that now justifies all means.
15325- On closer inspection, the idea that the market will yield a real 6.9% a year in the future appears suspect.
15326- The US is more powerful than any country since the Roman Empire, but like Rome, America is neither invincible nor invulnerable.
15327- John Connally complained that Japan had a "controlled economy" and did not play by the rules.
15328- It remains crucial in a world populated by threatening states and terrorist organizations.
15329- Mugabe's challengers would have been given the upper hand in the political conflict, and it might have been taken for granted inside Zimbabwe and the SADC that Mugabe would not and should not contest this round of elections.
15330- Each wants to shape the state to serve its interests alone.
15331- This is especially true of the WTO, where Washington and Brussels seem more concerned at settling old scores and protecting their respective turfs than in engaging with the new players.
15332- As a result, it is alleged, the Islamic world cannot cope with the demands of modernization, either in technology or in cultural practices, such as the granting of rights to women, which is necessary for economic success in the modern world.
15333- All of these problems were to some extent hidden due to the external pressure of EU accession, and have now erupted into full view.
15334- Even where members have committed themselves to a joint operation, as in Afghanistan, NATO's able new Secretary General, former Dutch foreign minister Jaap de Hoop Scheffer, has to plead for a few helicopters here, a few hundred men there, like the manager of an impoverished football association trying to put together a team.
15335- An 18-year-old subject in a gene therapy trial dies, with numerous lapses in the clinical trial noted after his death.
15336- In Europe, no birds get killed at all. Highly educated European women who have children either stay at home or work part-time and get stuck in low-end jobs.
15337- They're the ones who are dangerous.
15338- Industrialization means novelty and change.
15339- Public and private contributions are combined in many ways.
15340- So there is actually no Fox pension. The only media pension I have is through AFTRA."
15341- Bolivia is at a defining moment in its history.
15342- America's response shows, however, that integration cannot be viewed as a one-way street.
15343- The events in Iraq demonstrate the failure of democratic processes at the international level--and the need to strengthen them.
15344- Now it is roughly 0.25% of GNP.
15345- Latin America's Leftist Mirage
15346- Jürgen Rüttgers, a leading German Conservative, offers his diagnosis.
15347- Room for manoeuvre in the enlargement negotiations is limited.
15348- Nearly all countries neighboring Saudi Arabia already practice one form of electoral participation or another, although most of these nods toward democracy are defective in some way.
15349- In calling for a more prosperous world for all, President Bush further demonstrated American attitudes on economic development when he said that "trade can conquer poverty and despair."
15350- Like Ukraine's Viktor Yushchenko, who lost the initial vote in Ukraine, Lopez Obrador demanded that the result be overturned.
15351- Against them, an active effort to tackle the risks around us is the only answer.
15352- Several factors converge to create this illusion of knowledge.
15353- We need not wait for the politicians.
15354- Belief in a progressive religious decline is part of Europe's definition of what constitutes the modern situation, and this has real consequences for religiosity.
15355- They are not aware of their legal rights.
15356- Aware that he must establish a greater sense of political legitimacy, his cabinet is likely to include representatives of other political parties.
15357- Perhaps migrants worry--just like actual insurance companies--that furnishing too much assistance would result in recipients doing less to protect themselves.
15358- Germany is the world's industrial bazaar.
15359- Before then, profound inequalities between China's poor countryside and its dynamic industrial centers will generate tensions, which may be increased by the gender imbalance -- young men greatly outnumber young women.
15360- In fact, whereas economic growth in Latin America is often perceived as being very unequal -- which explains the shift to the left -- recent United Nations data puts the region in first place among all developing-country areas.
15361- Those outside America, especially in Asia, should regard the unstable state of the US macro-economy with grave concern.
15362- The Bush administration's (admittedly wavering) commitment to fiscal prudence means that much, perhaps most, of the war costs will be offset by expenditure cuts elsewhere.
15363- One recent survey shows that the number of users registered with China's ten most popular bulletin boards, which focus on news and political affairs, range from 100,000 to 500,000.
15364- Curiously, many voters who oppose Euro membership nonetheless believe that it will happen.
15365- Other than drive his boss around and attend meetings, he did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of September 2001.
15366- The US and Europe reneged on their promise that this would be a round of trade negotiations designed to improve the plight of developing countries.
15367- Amnesty International held a press conference on the topic in Baghdad in July 2003.
15368- In effect, the system has become largely self-regulating. In my experience, 99% of all censorship occurs with the writers and producers themselves.
15369- Poles, who lost nearly all their patriotic ideas over the past decade, now seem poised to rediscover their national identity solely on a negative basis forged by our peasants. The European Union wants to steal (or buy for nothing) our land, they say. We Poles must fight them.
15370- More common is a situation like that of ex-Yugoslavia.
15371- On the contrary, it implies excess benefits . Shifts to more energy-efficient means of transportation ease congestion.
15372- It inhibits much-needed negotiations with Iran and Syria, because they are states that support terrorist groups.
15373- Considering the evidence on display in Iraq, Syrian leaders must be wondering whether the Bush administration is capable of thinking in these terms.
15374- Palestine's War of Generations
15375- To make matters worse, HIV/AIDS is fueling a dramatic resurgence of TB.
15376- Worrying too much is "anxiety disorder."
15377- Artificially low interest rates create extra incentives for putting money into shares.
15378- The murderous triumph and bloody defeat of the politics of cultural despair was followed by an economic miracle that made Germany one of the world's most prosperous countries, with nearly six decades of increasingly stable democracy.
15379- This comes in addition to many other financial burdens exacted at the local level.
15380- Some argue that insisting on amoral diplomatic language is no longer necessary, because human rights are more or less universally accepted, if not always observed.
15381- Because some industries no longer care about wide trade agreements because they have already benefited through a sectoral deal, the groups that normally see themselves as gaining from greater trade openness are too weak to offset the political influence of protectionist forces mobilized against liberalization.
15382- -2.7
15383- Europe was decisive and generous, and it worked.
15384- It is now the EU's smaller states that gain the most from wider and deeper European integration.
15385- Japan also can directly assist in resolving the North Korea crisis by acting as a facilitator, encouraging Russian President Vladimir Putin--in concert with Japan, South Korea, and China--to initiate negotiations with North Korea's Kim Jong Il.
15386- Milosevic's extradition to face charges of war crimes before the Hague Tribunal--a trial that has proceeded without incident in Serbia--was also peaceful.
15387- Solidarity created a public space for all of these discussions, while protecting us all against the party apparatus.
15388- But so far it has not.
15389- For the same reason, Keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to his own views, but rather the contestant that he believes will be chosen by the other judges!
15390- Trade flows may be driven substantially by longevity: countries expecting a relatively large number of elderly in the future should be running trade surpluses now and deficits later.
15391- The underlying US government philosophy is that American producers are better than those of any country.
15392- Europe was divided into eight broad zones, comprising individual countries like Germany, France, and Italy, or groupings of smaller countries such as Benelux and the Nordic area.
15393- Suppose we put the two propositions together: the yen depreciates 30% against the dollar while the dollar in turn depreciates 30% against the euro.
15394- As a United Nations expert body has declared, this is racial segregation, plain and simple.
15395- Both Bush and Blair want to leave Iraq, if not with a victory, then at least with some sense of "mission accomplished."
15396- The talk today in Russia is of "Putinism," which professes democracy without as yet obliging the state to accept the disciplines of a truly democratic system.
15397- Incomplete encoding of a trauma must not be confused with amnesia -- an inability to recall something did get into memory.
15398- Given Western Europe's growing need for labor in the years ahead, the question is not whether to have immigration, but only where that immigration is going to come from.
15399- Malawi is one of the world's least developed countries, with an infant mortality rate of 94 per thousand and a life expectancy at birth of 41 years. Of the adult population, about one in seven have HIV/AIDS.
15400- As the new risk-management industry develops, its components will gradually boost each other.
15401- However, the deep wounds of the past few years of violence will not heal unless serious efforts are made by the government in Jakarta to bring human rights abusers to justice.
15402- It will reinforce convergence expectations among financial market participants, which will translate into lower risk premia for investors.
15403- Indeed, Prime Minister Wen Jiabao has declared that he wants to see more "scientific development" in China's approach to its problems, and even called for a temporary halt of the Salween (Nu) River dam.
15404- Although most Chinese in Malaysia now feel that they deserve the full rights of citizenship, they have not insisted on absolute equality.
15405- The multiplication of assassinations of political opponents and economic rivals, the mafia practice of contract murders, cannot be seen as signs of a regained stability. Nor can the Putin regime's manipulation of popular xenophobia against citizens of the former Soviet empire, such as Georgians.
15406- Part of this initiative must be to provide, as a corollary to new disarmament requirements and control mechanisms, the assurance of non-discriminatory access to nuclear know-how, research, and technology.
15407- -1.7
15408- His control of his party should help him reach the necessary compromises he will need to make with other parties in order to govern effectively.
15409- China's Taiwan Affairs Office issued a warning on the eve of President Chen Shui-bian's inauguration in May, forcing Taipei to choose between war and peace.
15410- Decisive democratic governments "win" by seeing their policies live on, even after they are defeated.
15411- But something deeper is at work.
15412- These "entertainments" are not filmed and published by bureaucrats from Brussels or by representatives of international institutions, foreign states or large international corporations: they are marketed by citizens to fellow citizens.
15413- This is understandable, given an unemployment rate of around 10% in France, Germany, and Italy; with so few new jobs, becoming unemployed is a major disaster.
15414- The democratic movement's main objective is to bring about a non-violent, constitutional process to replace Lahoud with a new president in free and open elections.
15415- Similarly, these events prove why the new International Criminal Court (ICC) is vital.
15416- -3.8
15417- An EU committed to its own defense, although not offering the same formal guarantees as NATO, offers candidate countries the prospect of belonging to a genuine security community.
15418- But instead of finishing his career in triumph, or at least with an ovation, he was ejected from the final for head-butting an Italian player.
15419- Will the law serve all, or only the elites?
15420- Yet he left his people in a terrible situation, with no state, in the midst of a losing war, and with a bankrupt economy.
15421- Numerous Muslim scholars have raised their voices to challenge the terrorists' defense of suicide bombings or attacks on civilians, offering long citations from centuries of religious jurisprudence.
15422- The sole concern of these lavishly-funded front organizations was to sell Saddam Hussein abroad and discredit his opponents.
15423- As in real life, fans can be torn between their hopes for victory and their fear of defeat.
15424- IMF policies are criticized more than the awful policies that incited a country to collapse in the first place.
15425- Within those constraints, American managers were supposed to exercise considerably more discretion than their foreign counterparts, so that they could use their business judgment without being shackled and second-guessed.
15426- For instance, children who live on one side of the river can now attend school on the other side during the rainy season.
15427- All Quiet on the Burundi Front?
15428- Neither of us knows how we survived this ordeal.
15429- Of course free trade exists in principle, but there are often important snags at borders and within countries.
15430- Merton concluded: "It appears that the cosmopolitan influential has a following because he knows , the local influential because he understands ."
15431- 
15432- Possessing the territory will give him its wealth.
15433- But the "war on terror" has also provided this government with an excuse to arrest and detain suspects without charge.
15434- Where Europe has adopted a common policy -- such as on Iran -- it has succeeded in persuading others, including the US, to change long-held positions.
15435- Consider the following:
15436- Before I chose to protest to the editor who sacked me a week ago, I was guilty of complicity too.
15437- How, then, to ensure that governments are law-abiding as well as strong?
15438- They question its necessity, noting that the disease poses zero risk to humans, and even in animals, 95% will recover within a week or two -- or would, if they were not shot first.
15439- Second, a model of individual pathology is invaluable to politicians.
15440- But whether the "democratic deficit" on the European level be remedied also depends on whether a shared European identity can be forged out of the 25 nations that will soon make up the European Union.
15441- British leeriness about giving up the EU rebate in the face of what is perceived as French egoism is equally understandable—despite the fact that this stance harms the enlargement process, which Great Britain otherwise supports.
15442- The question is no longer whether Putin will really leave office when his term ends in 2008, but whether he will be able to save himself that long.
15443- The problems of insufficient global aggregate demand were on the minds of John Maynard Keynes and others who conceived and founded the IMF.
15444- Euro-zone countries can be considered a single country when dealing with the currency denomination of trade.
15445- This is the condition in which populists thrive.
15446- A good Danish or Bulgarian player improves much faster if he joins Manchester United or Barcelona.
15447- But the records of both alternatives suggest that Ukraine under those who backed the Orange Revolution will remain a member of the club of democracies and open economies, whereas under Yanukovich, Ukraine would turn its back on reform, and may re-embrace the grimmest aspects of our Soviet past.
15448- Unfortunately, Bush has not learned this lesson.
15449- For India, too, the talks broke new ground, as security issues on this scale were rarely touched in the days when India and the Soviet Union professed friendship.
15450- When the voters decide in the spring of 2007, their choice may depend more on negative than positive considerations, as it did in 2002, when Chirac faced the odious nationalist Jean-Marie Le Pen in the second round.
15451- Pan-Turkish illusions?
15452- On 8 May this year, public speakers will remind us how important it is not to forget.
15453- Given his myopic actions at home, where he seems increasingly incapable of dealing with any institution that has any degree of autonomy, this seems unlikely.
15454- We will not know how close we are to the production of individually tailored stem-cell lines until the scientific investigations into Hwang's research are completed.
15455- Now the fiscal consensus of the 1990s is under sustained attack worldwide.
15456- A recent study presented at the Baltic Development Forum suggested that, if Poland and the three Baltic countries become EU members in 2003 and continue their efforts to catch up economically with the rest of the Union, annual growth in their GDP can be 2-4% higher than the EU-average.
15457- Two aspects, however, are already visible.
15458- They should not stand in the way of compensation that includes stock options, or that otherwise create financial risks for their employees.
15459- Sadly, I do not see them being prepared.
15460- The right question to ask is this: what level of interest rates can be reconciled with reasonable growth?
15461- The final stage in drafting an EU Constitutional Treaty is underway.
15462- They create people who live with their hands held out instead of their heads held high.
15463- Indeed, for some, "gene doping" now represents the Holy Grail of performance enhancement, while for others it means the end of sports as we know it.
15464- They will be too busy thinking about themselves to worry about him or to cause trouble.
15465- In other words, the shadow of the future suggests that a moderate strategy is best.
15466- Unfortunately, Merkel's campaign is off to a rocky start, and the recent entry of Oskar Lafontaine's extreme left-wing party into the fray may necessitate the formation of a grand coalition between the Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats.
15467- Why?
15468- The moment you believe "better dead than Red" you are in trouble.
15469- This change in motivation requires changes in how the Union thinks about itself, changes that go beyond the ideas now circulating at the convention drawing up an EU constitution.
15470- Sri Lanka's bitter war of terror - one that practically invented the infamy of the suicide bomber - had been showing signs of abating of late.
15471- But Albania no longer needs the OSCE's staff to be scattered throughout the country to monitor every aspect of its political life.
15472- Such ideas were hardly new.
15473- But the most successful postcommunist countries moved forward first and coped with the past later.
15474- Last year, in a widely acclaimed trial, four Rwandans were convicted by a Belgian jury of involvement in the 1994 genocide in their country.
15475- With WTO negotiations underway and an expanding free-trade agenda taking hold, those tariffs are under pressure.
15476- And the so-called "three principles on arms exports" have placed absurd limits on what may be sold or supplied abroad, as even flying boats used for sea rescue have been viewed as banned from export.
15477- International capital flows will also magnify such demographic spillover effects, as capital is traded at the interest rates determined in large industrial economies.
15478- The Power of Cuba's Powerless
15479- Marshall's economics has had a marvelous run, and has helped economists make sense of the world.
15480- Disturbing trends, such as a demographic youth "bulge" combined with high youth unemployment rates--reaching almost 40% in some places--highlight potentially explosive social conditions.
15481- Terrorist attacks have occurred subsequently in Indonesia, Madrid, London, Egypt, and most recently Mumbai.
15482- In fact, the NBER says that it ended almost two years ago, in November 2001.
15483- The Courage of Convictions
15484- -0.3
15485- Nigeria, grappling with a worsening economic crisis, wants to double daily production to four million barrels, to reflect new discoveries that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) claimed in December 2003 had increased reserves to 34 billion barrels.
15486- Although regional in scope and with a colorful international board of advisors, the Tharwa Project (Tharwa means wealth in Arabic) is based in Damascus and will be run from there.
15487- The ultimate reason for their lack of preparation is that our insurance industry was not covering their tsunami risks, and hence not offering up-to-date disaster-prevention guidance.
15488- This month, the Switzerland-based Bank for International Settlements (BIS) was the latest to worry aloud about the financial risks that the world seems to be building into its future. "[A]ll the countries hit by financial crisis... experience[d] a very sharp slowdown," the BIS says of the recent past.
15489- Ratification of the agreement has been delayed by the stalemate among Cambodia's bickering political parties following last year's elections.
15490- The same is true of advisers like Nkhoma.
15491- That is, the events were not experienced as traumatic when they occurred, and there is no evidence that they were inaccessible during the years when they never came to mind.
15492- Greece cheated by manipulating its statistics: while the reported deficits were below the limit, the country had to admit that the true deficit from 2000 to 2004 was 4.3% on average and never below 3.7%.
15493- The exceptions would have to be tailored by each country so that the net cost of all transfers of public resources to and from immigrants is zero.
15494- Yet little changes.
15495- Who was in charge?
15496- Enlargement, bringing in a large number of much poorer countries, will have a seismic effect on Union policies, implying losses of benefits in richer members.
15497- When our ancestors moved out of the African forest onto the savannah more than a million years ago, they rapidly became effective predators.
15498- So, where does the world stand now?
15499- This turn of events is confusing.
15500- They are right.
15501- For example, when covering a natural disaster, a major industrial accident, or an urgent public health issue, journalists in the traditional media are not allowed to investigate and report without official sanction.
15502- This unfortunately has been accompanied by increasing number of variant CJD cases in Canada, France, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Portugal, Saudi Arabia and the USA.
15503- Virtually all (99%) occur in low- and middle-income countries, but most research and funding focuses on high-tech care for the 1% of deaths occurring in rich countries.
15504- Unfortunately, this did not happen; it took Moscow 8 years to ratify START-2.
15505- Like farmers all over the world, Iraqi farmers mistrust their government.
15506- That there will now be a Truth and Reconciliation Commission in Belgrade suggests that the current Yugoslav leadership understands that it needs to heal the wounds inflicted on its own people by the murderous Milosevic regime.
15507- Bush's subordinates authorized methods of interrogation that led to torture, and his administration adamantly resisted legislation that would ban its use.
15508- For just as the wild dogs of Bucharest multiplied over the years, so too did Romania's unsolved problems.
15509- The 2004 elections for the European Parliament had already shown that the level of discontent with the Union was high.
15510- On virtually every question, British voters are less enthusiastic about the EU than voters in any other country.
15511- But whether we continue with the current format for the Presidency or introduce a team model, we must consider how the President of the European Council can play a role in coordinating work within the Council.
15512- Half a million college students in Beijing alone were involved in this movement.
15513- But it is also true that the northern Turkish part of Cyprus is denied access to free trade and other benefits from EU-membership.
15514- She has slim and politically minor ministerial experience -- Environment Minister in 1992-1993, Deputy Minister for Secondary Education in 1997-2000, and Minister for Family Affairs in 2000-2002 -- and has drawn attention mainly for her work on subjects related to daily problems, such as kids' TV programs and mistreatment in schools.
15515- Although the collapse of the common currency area owing to political squabbles seems unlikely at this point, it cannot be ruled out entirely.
15516- Projections of European growth continue to decline, yet the outlook for government policy is for reduced spending and increased taxes as the fiscal stability and growth pact bites.
15517- Rivero has long understood that Castro may be the Father of the Cuban Revolution, but that the revolution's children are increasingly restive.
15518- Just as with polio, the fight against hunger, disease, and lack of access to safe water and sanitation can be carried forward with practical and powerful technologies. Indeed, these technologies are so powerful that they can enable families currently trapped in poverty to escape it once and for all.
15519- Unless recent trends can be reversed, the growing economic and demographic gulf between India's North and East and its South and West will pose a serious political threat.
15520- How can Europeans be happy that the Iron Curtain is gone if individuals and groups across the Union barricade themselves behind private iron curtains?
15521- Neat binary concepts like "peacetime" and "wartime" are no longer viable.
15522- With the Gaza Strip in its backyard, Egypt has already mediated several times between Hamas and Fatah, and has been trying, so far unsuccessfully, to arrange a swap of prisoners with Israel following Hamas's abduction of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit.
15523- Their illegitimate nuclear commerce has created a nightmare for the reputation, safety, and security of their country.
15524- This year witnessed a decline in democracy and the rule of law across what Mr Putin calls the "former Soviet space."
15525- As a result, Americans are more prepared to be innovative.
15526- With 10 new members joining, that pretence is no longer tenable.
15527- His opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair, with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma's administration suggesting that Yushchenko should hire a food taster.
15528- The 2004-2006 period has been the best three years for Latin America's economies since the early 1960's.
15529- At a time when deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan are straining the defense budget and much of the military's existing equipment needs repair or replacement, questions arise as to whether such programs are a good investment.
15530- But, with no single all-powerful leader, it will be hard for any successor to force through the difficult decisions required by such an orientation.
15531- It introduces some significant improvements for majority voting in the Council of Ministers.
15532- The article claimed that the change raised costs by forcing British construction workers to perform more of their jobs in relative darkness.
15533- The high interest rates the IMF advised in the name of stabilization led to mass bankruptcy and destruction of capital.
15534- When legal means of business are outlawed, illegal means become more attractive.
15535- However, pressure by the US Embassy and the Organization of American States resulted in a change of heart by Ecuador's military and jail sentences for Gutierrez and Vargas.
15536- Yet not only is such a demand naïve, with the Bush team battling for re-election, it is not at all certain that most of America's European allies would heed a US call for solidarity if one were issued.
15537- Otherwise, it is difficult to imagine further EU enlargement.
15538- A few years of limited exchange rate flexibility is a poor substitute for rapid completion of structural reforms.
15539- Smart investors are now betting that the most recent economic data will show an annual GDP growth rate of 3% for the second quarter of 2003.
15540- How can a European citizen really identify with Europe if no single "Europe" exists?
15541- This means that broad swaths of the population don't finish high school, don't attend college, and don't become empowered citizens of their own countries and the world.
15542- Trees stand mute despite our betrayal.
15543- Competing over Competition Policy
15544- Premier Jerzy Buzek rapidly introduced four major reforms: of local government, medical service, pensions, and education.
15545- Capitalism's High Noon
15546- Sweden has shown that there is another model of a market economy.
15547- But, as their regimes increasingly came to be seen as politically illegitimate, their model of Islam was also discredited.
15548- From a global point of view, the best use of these resources is to maintain the forests, which is even possible with managed cutting.
15549- Still, there was a second risk: that the world would think that the agreement itself had accomplished the objectives of a development round set forth at Doha, with trade negotiators then turning once again to making the next round as unfair as previous rounds.
15550- 1.8
15551- Growing your way out of debt is the usual answer for such a condition.
15552- Over the past two decades, high unemployment has transformed Europe in general and Germany in particular into a sociological time bomb.
15553- Islamic culture has neither been a barrier to growth, nor has it been static.
15554- Academic scholars and political observers debate whether globalization is a real phenomenon or a slogan; whether globalization is beneficial or harmful; and whether globalization is a fragile process that could be reversed or a robust process likely to gather force in the coming years.
15555- Convinced that private ownership has become essential to smart living, buyers bid up home prices.
15556- Prime Minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto had made a passionate appeal for funds around the world, had taken a token helicopter trip to the destroyed town of Besham, and then made fantastic promises of relief and rehabilitation.
15557- Unfortunately, the Bush Administration lost its focus.
15558- So the prior condition for setting up and joining an international force for Southern Lebanon must be that Israel renews its commitment to the "road map" and negotiations with the Palestinians for a viable Palestinian state.
15559- Traditional Chinese culture, with its emphasis on harmony between human beings and nature, was thrown aside.
15560- On February 5 th Colin Powell will present America's case against Iraq to the UN Security Council.
15561- On the contrary, his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin.
15562- A Federal Reserve committed to effective price stability will likely raise interest rates rather than allow any year's inflation rate to jump from 3% to 6%.
15563- "Become who you are," wrote the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche.
15564- That strategy has largely worked.
15565- · Creating a special EU defense budget, to finance common missions, capabilities and weapons programs;
15566- That may sound like a radical question.
15567- A decade later, we have high oil prices, but they are not due to a well-designed tax, either in America or elsewhere.
15568- But in the Kurdish-controlled areas of the north and Shiite-dominated provinces in the south, levels of crime and deadly violence compare favorably with those in many cities in the United States.
15569- When Stalin offered Hitler his friendship in the spring of 1939 -- formally concluded that summer in the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact -- Nazi aggression was assured of not being knifed in the back from the East and so was left with free hands to do as Hitler pleased in the West.
15570- Wake up Gujarat!
15571- Long chains of DNA can now be manufactured to order, and scientists are identifying which genes are essential.
15572- Even if there is a problem, it can easily be fixed; spending a fraction of the money that went into Bush's two tax cuts would have fixed Social Security for 75 years; slight benefit cuts, adjusting the age of retirement, or minor adjustments in the level of contributions could fix the system permanently.
15573- Israeli Apache and Cobra gunships armed with Hellfire missiles regularly hit their targets from great distances, as do F-16 fighter jets armed with laser-guided munitions, but not without frequent "collateral damage" to innocent civilians.
15574- Ukraine's Watershed Election
15575- Today, however, we are witnessing the failure of the Wahhabi project to monopolize Islam.
15576- The problem in Asia often arises from something the French call "cohabitation" - an awkward arrangement by which a directly elected president must co-exist with a parliament controlled by a rival party or parties.
15577- The world's largest energy users, starting with the US, Europe, China, Japan, and India, need to agree on collective actions to develop new technologies for carbon capture and storage, and for the affordable development and use of alternative energy supplies.
15578- So Greenspan cannot be given credit for the boom.
15579- When disturbed by a question, she usually replies, "Would you have asked the same question to a man?"
15580- Yet the high court has considered foreign policy implications before.
15581- Any transition to peace may well prove ephemeral unless policymakers make political reconciliation and integration -- not optimal economic policies -- the bedrock priority.
15582- The images of US soldiers battling in Iraq have been supplemented by images of America's military delivering relief to disaster victims.
15583- The Tacoma Narrows Bridge was designed as state of the art, which included a strong aesthetic preference for slender structures.
15584- But statements by Iranian leaders denying the Holocaust and urging the destruction of Israel have not only cost Iran support in Europe, but are unlikely to make Israel willing to gamble its existence on the prospect of stable deterrence.
15585- By placing Ukraine's energy needs in the hands of a shadowy company linked to international criminals, the agreement has planted the seeds of new and perhaps more dangerous crises.
15586- Unions and workers associations are the natural vehicles to monitor such behavior, but they must invest in the expertise to do so effectively.
15587- Fighter bombers and attack helicopters would be employed to intercept any counter-attacks against the flanks of the advancing columns, and to break up blocking forces.
15588- By the time the false religions of totalitarian ideologies were defeated, real religions -- so it seemed -- had long passed from the political scene.
15589- A joke making rounds in Moscow nowadays goes like this: Americans didn't know who their President was two months after their last presidential election, but we Russians knew who was going to occupy the Kremlin two years before our recent election.
15590- This means, above all, that the much-vaunted middle classes are being asked--or soon will be asked--to contribute more toward the costs of these services, either by higher taxes or through privatisation of the financial burdens.
15591- Even before September 11, this reality was proved once again, when the global economic fallout of the US financial bubble bursting was much sharper than originally predicted, and the linkages across markets stronger than commonly understood.
15592- Taiwan's missed opportunity reflects its government's sheer incompetence, arrogance, and ignorance.
15593- Europe's Blame Game
15594- Since 1997, the United States Congress has required the Department of Defense to undertake a major defense review every four years.
15595- We know, say, that currency values tend to adjust in the long run to re-establish relative prices across major markets.
15596- The most harmful consequence is the public's loss of trust in the system.
15597- Stability in East Asia depends upon good relations between all three sides of the US-China-Japan triangle, but ties between China and Japan deteriorated in the Koizumi years.
15598- Their aim is to discourage the US and the Europeans from starting another crisis -- financial markets and everyday politics in Europe can tolerate only so much conflict.
15599- So non-Americans should be more appreciative of America's deficits.
15600- Until recently, Africa's poorest countries have been failing on this count.
15601- The next step in the escalation of terrorism will have profound effects on the nature of our urban civilizations.
15602- The Chinese government is very adept at wielding this question.
15603- The Death of Death
15604- Rather, it more likely represents another move in India's age-old tradition of managing regional balances of power.
15605- With most shocks to the world economy, we expect central banks to take steps to offset their effects.
15606- An anecdote in the report, which rings true, has Mubarak meeting with officers of the Third Army two years ago.
15607- The biggest flaw in the EU model has been its reliance on a bureaucratic road to unity.
15608- When Ronaldinho and Messi, or Kaka and Shevchenko, play together, their combined "output" (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if he played in a different club with less talented co-players.
15609- Even though 19 of NATO's 26 members also belong to the EU, leaders and bureaucrats in most of these countries have been unwilling to back the commitment of their troops with the economic resources needed.
15610- Although Chinese leaders speak of "One country, two systems" as their formula for governing Hong Kong - and possibly Taiwan some day - their slogan is far more relevant to China itself, given the co-existence of a capitalist economic system within a Leninist political system.
15611- Unless serious hostilities break out, there are two reasons for optimism about a 4th quarter recovery in the United States.
15612- But their leaders can be drawn into a political process and, with luck, be turned from warriors into politicians.
15613- It is a mistake to try to define terrorism in the same way that we define theft or murder.
15614- It will earn him kudos from those quarters, but hardly earns him credentials for speaking about what truly makes a market economy work.
15615- Opponents, too, find themselves under threat.
15616- A form of apartheid without oppression was as far as they were prepared to go.
15617- A remarkable observation supports this analogy: viruses behave like individual pieces of programs, using the cell as the machine needed to make them multiply and subsequently propagate (often by destroying the machine).
15618- True, fundamentalists are a minority everywhere, but they are stoking widespread fear, loathing, and dreams of salvation, provoking violence and war while weakening moderates forces.
15619- They played a tremendous role in the erosion of the Soviet system."
15620- While something should be done, the magnitude of the problem hardly foreshadows a crisis.
15621- But under globalization, as currently managed, many have not gained; and some of the poorest have lost out.
15622- The minister went on to explain that peace in Europe is today embedded in this realization: if East European countries had thought that millions of ethnic Germans would like to return, ``the Iron Curtain would have never come down.''
15623- This inequity long rankled in Britain.
15624- Let the Negotiations Begin
15625- The IAEA's job is to determine whether a nation has violated its safeguards agreement, and El-Baradei has made it abundantly clear that Iran has.
15626- To be sure, many Nepalis have welcomed King Gyanendra's move this week.
15627- Frum thought this a bit pedantic, but concluded that it was emblematic of the President's character and that "the country could trust the Bush administration not to cheat and not to lie."
15628- But they need not search too far for culprits; indeed, they need only look in the mirror and confront the consequences of the dishonest game that the leaders of EU member states have played for too long.
15629- The West thinks that this anger is a sign of some clash of civilizations: "us" against "them," which implies that only one side can win.
15630- Those who organized this coup hoped that it would lead to greater things for themselves; those who signed a petition of protest were fired not long after.
15631- So either fiscal behavior or the Pact's rules must change.
15632- Thus does the fight over sovereignty overshadow all bilateral issues.
15633- It is not clear now whether USEC will continue to satisfy those conditions (unless the US Treasury turns a blind eye).
15634- The almighty American consumer had another banner year in 2005, helping sustain global economic growth, albeit at a slower pace than in 2004.
15635- The most the US can hope at this point is a withdrawal that saves face.
15636- The last 15 years have of course revealed deep flaws in Japan's financial system.
15637- Despite Lopez Obrador's best efforts to create chaos in the streets with public demonstrations involving hundreds of thousands of protesters, domestic and international confidence remains strong.
15638- Real investment (investment adjusted for the declining prices of high-tech and information-related capital goods) continued to roar ahead.
15639- If more physicians had routine access to these kits, they could tell on the spot whether a patient had influenza and eliminate the need to treat him or her as a possible SARS patient.
15640- The importance of ASW capability in the Western Pacific has not waned.
15641- Today's conservatives are known among religious scholars as "People of the Letter" -- those who adhere to the letter of the Islamic texts.
15642- Of course, infrastructure can be rebuilt much more quickly than the environment can be restored or recover on its own.
15643- Although its guiding principles have not been enshrined in a constitution, even this may be appropriate to an open society because, as Popper argued, our imperfect understanding does not permit permanent and eternally valid definitions of social arrangements.
15644- Today, as before, the hard work of history falls to America, to our Coalition, to our people.
15645- The New Bush Doctrine
15646- Although Belgium recently followed the Dutch way of regulating voluntary active euthanasia in a strictly medicalized framework, it is precisely this sort of regulation that is increasingly challenged.
15647- As a result, although Latin Americans can vote in a more democratic environment, they can't compete in a globalized world.
15648- In more homogeneous European countries, the differences between rich and poor are much less obvious: in Sweden, rich and poor are all white, often tall and blond.
15649- Again, both sides of the Atlantic played a mutual blame game.
15650- Infrastructure investment - which had been difficult for the embattled British Raj to finance--suddenly boomed.
15651- Greece
15652- The low inflation objective need not involve the formalities of an inflation-targeting regime, such as that practiced by the European Central Bank and the Bank of England, and is similar in approach to that recommended for the United States by US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke.
15653- Why this sharp change in tone?
15654- The biggest problem is water pollution, with discharges into canals and rivers growing faster than treatment capacity.
15655- This is easy to demonstrate.
15656- Most of the discussion surrounding how to respond to Asia's tsunami disaster has focused on government relief programs and official schemes to implement early warning systems.
15657- In the "war on terror," it is now the attacker who is confused.
15658- During the Cold War, institutions such as Radio Free Europe proved to be valuable instruments.
15659- That logic is now in question.
15660- The man chosen to lead it was a protégé of the CIA with a reputation for being a strongman - a far cry from democracy.
15661- Russia, for its part, also went backwards, to tsarism.
15662- The additional cost of maintaining essential newborn health interventions at 90% coverage in the 75 countries with the highest mortality is estimated to be a mere $4.1billion per year.
15663- No one knows, but the very fact that such questions are being raised in Saudi Arabia poses a serious risk to Abdullah.
15664- If not, can we fix it, and is a constitution the way to do it?
15665- This program was quickly dubbed the "Kebabs for Poppy" scheme.
15666- But the host of the celebration, Russia, in the guise of the Soviet Union, itself caused the war -- the bloodiest in European history -- whose end is being commemorated.
15667- The analogy I like to use involves the homely example of caring for a suburban lawn.
15668- These startling figures do not include economic crimes outside the public sector.
15669- Instead, Hezbollah and Hamas thrive on fighting as an end in itself.
15670- So the BIS proposes nothing new or particularly attention-grabbing.
15671- The plea for a single European regulator (a "European SEC") is, at the moment, misguided: there is no legal basis in the Treaty (or in the draft constitution), member states' legal systems are too different, rules are not sufficiently harmonized, and Community law appears to be moving towards decentralization.
15672- The rhetoric surrounding "gene doping" relies heavily on its moral status as a form of cheating.
15673- ·        geographical position and environment;
15674- Many central bankers are like the proverbial general who plans to fight the last war.
15675- Ségolenè Royal has surged to the front of the pack of Socialists who aim to succeed Jacques Chirac as President of France.
15676- The resulting trade and investment will make everyone better off.
15677- So far, Syria's authorities have not reacted to the Tharwa Project.
15678- Massive industrial action forced the government to back down.
15679- In this, he received enthusiastic support from the Bush administration, which hopes that Erdogan might have found a way to mix democracy and Islam.
15680- Moreover, America went to war on false pretenses.
15681- Or does it simply reflect the fact that the ECB now is reverting to its old policy of not commenting on exchange rates whatever the circumstance?
15682- Failure to hedge or index brought us the Great Depression.
15683- The changing attitudes of citizens of the more developed member states and the weakening of the sense of obligation entailed by solidarity are also responsible (probably primarily so).
15684- These are early days in the quantitative study of sustainable development.
15685- In the US, widely called "the land of opportunity," the shame of being poor is unbearable, and there are no cultural resources to enable such people to maintain self-esteem, especially when the country is so successful overall.
15686- Even as he continued to produce outstanding theoretical articles, Rudi became interested in policy issues.
15687- It would be politically lethal to acknowledge the real state of affairs, even if the official policy merely increases the chances that Europeans, after all their efforts, still may not understand each other.
15688- This notion--which boils down to citizenship --underscores the central challenge now posed by both the Iraqi and European projects.
15689- It must never be a substitute for the absence of other ideas.
15690- Moreover, Colombia has not effectively recovered territorial sovereignty in areas controlled by armed right-wing groups like the United Self Defenses of Colombia.
15691- The evidence showed that more than half of the Roma children in Ostrava were placed in special schools, and that more than half of the population of special schools was Roma.
15692- 1999-00 602 991 Average Annual Growth Rates (per cent per annum) 1868-2000
15693- Gradually, you also noticed a change in the behavior of your HK colleagues.
15694- Fine, but what happens to people, like the poor of hurricane-struck New Orleans, who don't own boats? 
15695- How did China evade this trap?
15696- When a state has more than one colonial past, its future is vulnerable. Ethnicity or language hardly seem to be a factor in the secessions (one recognized, the other not) of Eritrea from Ethiopia and the ``Republic of Somaliland'' from Somalia.
15697- Thus, the performance difference relative to Germany, say, could be caricatured as follows: while Germans collect part of the private value-added as taxes, which they then spend on unemployment benefits, Scandinavians in addition give their unemployed a desk and count the unemployment benefits as value-added in the government sector and, therefore, a contribution to GDP.
15698- Such philanthropic finance continues today.
15699- It is not that economic principles work differently in different places, or need to be tailored to local conditions.
15700- On the other hand, psychiatric public policy must also take into consideration the feeble social and political status of the severely mentally ill. Public policy concerning the mentally ill should empower, not marginalize.
15701- Lower productivity and higher unit labor costs eroded firms' willingness to hire, leaving Europe with chronically higher unemployment than in the US.
15702- International agencies such as the World Bank and the IMF would automatically stop making loans to countries where the head of government exceeds that limit.
15703- We must find a balanced answer reflecting both the present situation and the potential for development in Turkey.
15704- The third falsehood is the fear of instability and social unrest that will supposedly break out if President Kuchma and his cronies lose the upcoming election.
15705- If an electric fence was built around the West Bank territory, he continued, two problems could be solved at once.
15706- But if interest rates don't rise far enough, the value of the dollar will spiral downward and US inflation will spiral upward like in the 1970's, setting the stage for the type of extremely painful measures imposed by then Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker.
15707- Despite the announcement of plans to create a European army along with France, Belgium, and Luxembourg, Germany is less relevant in both European and world politics than it was before the Iraq war.
15708- The vision remains attractive, but in its moral seductiveness lies profound moral and intellectual danger.
15709- Review work, it is hoped, will begin early in the new year.
15710- But no sooner had I asked the Prime Minister how he was than he replied with a grin: "It's nice to know one doesn't have to fight another election."
15711- This is the most practical and efficient strategy in the early stages of development.
15712- But don't look for a banner year.
15713- Because of its leading edge in the information revolution, and its vast investment in traditional power resources, the US will remain the world's single most powerful country well into this new century.
15714- The Japanese aircraft carrier Akagi , which led the attack on Pearl Harbor, flew the battle flag flown by the Mikasa , Admiral Togo's ship when he attacked the Russian fleet at Port Arthur.
15715- In a world with limited resources, where we struggle to solve just some of the challenges that we face, caring more about some issues means caring less about others.
15716- In the past, small member states used to gravitate towards federalist positions, because they calculated that they needed strong central institutions to contain the power of the large member states (especially France).
15717- Fighting Words and False Promises
15718- But population may well decline thereafter.
15719- But the lessons of Le Pen's rise go beyond the specifics of French politics, because far-right parties have been on the march in many European countries of late, from Austria to Portugal, from Italy to Denmark.
15720- Of course, the fact that China is unlikely to compete with the US on a global basis does not mean that it could not challenge the US in East Asia, or that war over Taiwan is not possible.
15721- Actually, only those imbued with the optimistic spirit of social science recoil. Everyone else is relieved.
15722- But the worst damage done by state policies is unemployment.
15723- In any case, the time to act is now: once the ban is passed by Congress and signed by the president, it is unlikely to be lifted any time soon.
15724- By focusing on the narrower intention to refuse burdensome treatment, rather than the broader implications of the choice, the Roman Catholic Church is able to avoid the inhumane implication that patients must always accept life-prolonging treatment, no matter how painful or costly such treatment may be.
15725- But it can set an example, both within its own borders and beyond.
15726- By contrast, nearly everything that George W. Bush's economic policy team has touched has turned to, well, if not lead, at least to a state that inspires observers, both inside and outside the administration, to shake their heads and mutter about a horribly wasted opportunity.
15727- Given China's growing interest in securing African votes in the UN Security Council, there is scope for collaboration.
15728- Shareholders would instantly realize that the books were cooked, and roundly punish the offending company's share price.
15729- After all, is it not true that virtually all rich countries have democratic forms of government, while the poorest countries (mainly in Africa) are non-democracies?
15730- Ukraine has a great opportunity, but its leaders must act radically to exploit it.
15731- After three decades of spectacular economic growth, many Malays have become prosperous and content not only through secular capitalism, but through the country's renewed sense of Islamic identity, one which -- for the most part -- embraced modernization.
15732- As for what has already been achieved, some measures deserve unqualified praise.
15733- Now it may be European arms in the hands of the Chinese that will be aimed at American troops protecting a democracy with 23 million inhabitants (in other words, as many people as in all the Nordic countries combined).
15734- This is an important reason why the proposed European Research Council is a good idea.
15735- But some express concern that the new Europe will be defined in opposition to the US.
15736- A Fair Deal for Turkey
15737- His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right, while his new security strategy -- including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip -- attracted supporters from the left.
15738- He can hardly afford to start another round of fighting that would destroy everything again.
15739- For instance, in the mid-1980's, Chinese leaders seriously discussed and later drew up a blueprint for modest democratic reforms.
15740- Despite this, he brims with imagined presidential plans, such as ridding the country of terrorist groups like Shining Path and re-establishing Peru's economic standing.
15741- We must change for our own good.
15742- Yet its constitution severely constrains its ability to send combat units for the Security Council's peacekeeping operations.
15743- With the outcome of Bush's ill-advised war in Iraq uncertain and his legacy depending heavily upon finding a political solution, Iran's support for Iraqi Shiite radicals could give it considerable leverage.
15744- The level of poverty--more visible with Bolivia's urbanization--is enormous, but it was worse before modernization efforts began.
15745- These growing environmental risks are complex.
15746- Will China's rise open up greater opportunities for multilateral cooperation?
15747- To be sure, this implies that the extra money sent home provided only partial insurance.
15748- Its decision reverberates across the Continent -- not just for the Roma, but for all who have a stake in promoting the values of tolerance and equality in a democratic Europe.
15749- Hedge funds constitute only a small percentage of overall world financial markets, which, according to a recent study by the McKinnsey Global Institute, now exceed $120 trillion.
15750- OK, so maybe it is too soon for the world to start toasting America's insane consumption patterns.
15751- This 'celebrity' may be based on personality, as with Blair and Berlusconi, or on circumstance, as with Bush and Schröder and Putin, but it is part and parcel of the new politics of media appeal.
15752- A struggle for preserving the vestiges of greatness may be a worthy goal; perhaps France, a country richer than Russia, can afford these objectives.
15753- The euro was a great idea, but the economy that backs it is distinctly dull.
15754- This points to another aspect of John Paul II's papacy, more relevant to insiders than to outsiders.
15755- Freedom, Not Democracy, For Russia
15756- Indeed, helicopter gun-ships and expensive crop replacement programs may provide TV-friendly images that politicians love, but do nothing to lessen the demand for drugs.
15757- Before its reunification with mainland China, many people expected the former British colony to grab headlines as Beijing progressively stripped its freedoms.
15758- China's communist rulers must own up to their history and drop Mao and the communist legacy.
15759- The history of engineering is no mere adjunct to technical know-how.
15760- The government has pledged in its National Common Minimum Program to raise public expenditure on education to 6% of GDP.
15761- Now its government should encourage a Wassenaar-style guarantee of social peace.
15762- The thirst for vengeance after the Beslan school massacre makes confrontation between Chechens and Ingushis increasingly possible.
15763- Like his own body, Arafat's familiar world was steadily fading away with irreversible loss of control.
15764- Our public thought is fragmented, and the country's intelligentsia, who are partly responsible for tending to society's values and goals, are behaving in often-destructive ways.
15765- They should also be offered the lifting of sanctions on Iraq provided that they - after getting rid of Saddam - accept the resumption of a UN inspection regime.
15766- In this sense, Al Jazeera is clearly biased, because it is run by Arab patriots and reflects Arab sentiment.
15767- After Abu Ghraib, even US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld must take notice.
15768- The correct move now is to restore confidence in the banking system and the currency.
15769- He is the only viable rival candidate for President Megawati's job, and would be the man to step into the presidential palace should she be removed.
15770- Young people today are more exposed to the rest of the world as a result of globalization.
15771- There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US.
15772- Some argue that ERM II membership should be viewed as a longer-term proposition - possibly lasting until 2010 - for the benefit of candidates themselves.
15773- Now we see -- though the lifting of the Union's arms embargo may now be delayed thanks to US pressure and Chinese aggressiveness -- that the European Union has become merely a tool for corruption when France and China draw up joint action plans.
15774- On December 10, Edmund Phelps, my colleague at Columbia University, received the Nobel Prize in economics for 2006. The award was long overdue.
15775- But things didn't turn out that way this time around.
15776- Largely due to Malawi's HIV/AIDS epidemic, the country has a million such orphans.
15777- While Saddam gave oil contracts to French, Russian, and Chinese oil firms, UK firms such as BP were frozen out.
15778- Fred Bergsten of the Institute for International Economics calls this situation "a disaster in the making."
15779- Michael Ignatieff, a Canadian advocate of the imperial metaphor, qualifies it by referring to America's role in the world as "Empire Lite."
15780- Ever since 2001, when France enacted a law requiring listed companies to reveal their executives' pay packages, newspapers have had a field day denouncing greedy bosses.
15781- Those with access to finance appear to be capable of resisting the urge to locate production in poor low-wage parts of the world (China aside).
15782- History suggests that elections do not create democracies.
15783- But their influence was powerful and lasting, and extended in directions that they could not have anticipated.
15784- Such a scenario looks great in the movie "The Day After Tomorrow," but it is unsubstantiated.
15785- The notion of sustainability asserts that natural capital, such as forests, wildlife, and other natural resources cannot be substituted by manmade capital.
15786- Why do governments all focus on increasing per capita national income?
15787- This has been standard practice for decades, and most buildings that have been erected or restored since Israel's last bombings in 1982 have plenty of it.
15788- To be sure, this is not the last word on the subject.
15789- What could be better than to have an ark at hand if one day the political tides turn?
15790- Across the Atlantic, most Americans (to the extent they pay attention) regard these changes with general approval.
15791- Thus, foreign producers can't compete unless their costs are $1.05 per gallon lower than those of American producers.
15792- For now, we have a World Cup filled with soccer that is being shaped by a new, young generation both on and off the playing field -- light-hearted, enthralling, and beautiful to watch.
15793- When Italy joined the European Monetary Union, its primary budget surplus (tax receipts in excess of government spending, excluding interest payments) was about 5% of national income.
15794- But the Union has consistently rejected the idea of insisting on a minimum income level for members.
15795- (Bolivia may, of course, not want to bear the risk of a fall in the price, so it may strike a deal to transfer some of the downside risk to foreign companies, giving them in exchange more of the upside potential.)
15796- What unites us is vastly greater than what divides us.
15797- So why, in these seemingly ideal circumstances, can't the right find a plausible political story to tell -- one which reconciles liberal government with liberal economics?
15798- This approach accounts for the failure of Dmitri Kozak's plan for resolving the situation in Moldova's breakaway Trans-Dniester region, as well as for the ludicrous state of affairs that has arisen in Georgia's separatist Abkhazia region.
15799- Reaching out was an important component of establishing the rule of law, and it also sent a message that Iraq had truly turned a corner -- that no single party sought to dominate Iraq.
15800- The action, purportedly undertaken to reduce the prospect of landings and demonstrations by Japanese right-wingers, set off a brief, though frenzied, reaction in China, as well as in Hong Kong and Taiwan.
15801- But religion does not operate in a vacuum.
15802- The only way to resist these threats is to address their root cause: the imbalance of power at the top of the regime and within ministry staffs that is gradually robbing Karzai's government of legitimacy.
15803- The inadequate preparation and slow response by the Bush administration meant that anger was directed at the president.
15804- Throughout the 20
15805- No longer are programs simply a matter between the IMF, central bank governors, and finance ministers.
15806- The General did not need convincing.
15807- It came in the form of a young Belgian judge, a Brussels prosecutor, four strapping police officers, and a court clerk, who arrived in this dusty capital to investigate charges filed against Habré in a Belgian court pursuant to that country's long-arm anti-atrocity law, which permits prosecution of the worst human rights crimes no matter where they took place.
15808- This is a consistent theme of modern social criticism, from Rousseau through "Death of a Salesman" and beyond.
15809- If the government continues to pursue this policy, the salutary effects in terms of public trust in the country's businesses and institutions will help ensure stable, sustainable economic growth for years to come.
15810- The euro has made Italian government bonds as good as German government bonds, because the ECB is willing to accept both on an equal basis as collateral for ECB loans.
15811- Although Brazil is running a large trade surplus, this has more to do with cutbacks in imports than export growth.
15812- Exchange rates have a nasty habit of overshooting their equilibrium values, then knifing back on countries, especially those who have been spending too much based on inflated income valuations.
15813- The basic texts remain the same, but their interpretation, and the application of religion in people's lives, has not.
15814- Sanctions are also unlikely to secure wide acclamation.
15815- However, while ELN may be strategically beaten, the FARC is not.
15816- In the process, he damaged Russia's reputation as a reliable supplier of natural gas.
15817- When the United States launched the war against Saddam Hussein's Iraq, France and Germany rightly warned that the invasion could well end up worsening instability in the Middle East and increase the threat of radical Islamic terror.
15818- The terrorism generated by many of these groups is an increasingly large domestic threat that only further disrupts society.
15819- But the issues raised by the gas dispute between Ukraine and Russia go beyond energy security, reviving questions about Ukraine's place in Europe and the world.
15820- Yet it is facile to say that antagonism to Putin's new course derives simply from adherence to Cold War stereotypes.
15821- Similar flexibility exists with the Euro, the Schengen Agreement, and the Social Chapter.
15822- Elements within Russia's political power structure have periodically waged war on the country's business elite--either to rein in the political ambitions of the oligarchs or to grab a bit of wealth for themselves--ever since the Soviet collapse.
15823- In fact, Al Jazeera, which US Secretary of State Colin Powell calls "horrible" and "slanted," is a pivotal vehicle for reform and change, which genuinely democratic Arab activists and the international community alike have been calling for.
15824- When molecules entered the scientific understanding of life with the discovery of DNA, biology climbed one step up the scale, to chemistry.
15825- Rediscovering the West and the institutions that go with it, and defending them with whatever it takes, is the primary issue on the agenda of liberty today.
15826- Rather, North Korea's aim was to postpone the six-party talks as long as possible in order to force direct bilateral negotiations with the US, in which it would presumably extract energy assistance and other aid while demanding a security guarantee for "Dear Leader" Kim Jong-il.
15827- Expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy, Saddam Hussein thinks that he can fight and win.
15828- Her powerful myth made her a sort of primal woman.
15829- Such a Manichaean world legitimizes terrorism as the will of God.
15830- Meanwhile, the US cannot expect much relief from exports, given the global economic slowdown, or from consumer spending.
15831- Since the English Premier League was started in 1992, only one championship was not won by Manchester United, Arsenal, or Chelsea.
15832- The defense immediately sought an injunction in federal court to prevent the trial from continuing.
15833- Pressuring rickety states may cause their collapse, leaving militant Islam to pick up the pieces.
15834- With the consent of both the US and Iraq's new leadership, EU governments should also offer to organize an international conference uniting all those with a stake in Iraqi stability, including Iraq's neighbors, to work out a strategy and commit resources in order to save Iraq from slipping into protracted turmoil.
15835- The underlying stability highlighted by Mexico's post-election crisis is also evident elsewhere in Latin America.
15836- A decision to refer Iran to the Security Council could come as early as November 24, when the IAEA's board meets to discuss "new information" discovered by inspectors on the ground.
15837- When Japanese Prime Minister Kakuei Tanaka went to China in 1974, he bowed deeply to the Chairman, apologizing for the suffering that invading Japanese had caused.
15838- Euro area
15839- The award of the Nobel Prize for Peace to the United Nations and to its Secretary General, Kofi Annan, is a cause for true celebration everywhere.
15840- A Tribute to Evil
15841- The EU cannot possibly take the place of the US as the world's leader.
15842- More worrying is a proposed law that strengthens the oligopolistic power of Berlusconi's television and advertising corporations while weakening the public television service.
15843- From September 2000 until March 2006, 3982 Palestinians and 1084 Israelis were killed in the conflict, and this includes many children: 708 Palestinians and 123 Israelis.
15844- Now, even the fundamental right of a liberal order, free speech, is under pressure.
15845- In 2000, upon receiving debt alleviation, Uganda chose to eliminate all school fees and says its number of schoolchildren nearly doubled thereafter.
15846- Their silence on Iraq reflected their apprehension about unwanted alternatives: either support the US plan and risk encouraging Kurdish moves toward an independent state, or oppose the Americans and jeopardize a critical strategic relationship.
15847- America Confronts Old and New Europe
15848- Our freedoms are their tools.
15849- Tax claims against the telecommunications company Vympelkom (one of Russia's leading firms, and the first to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 90 years) send an unambiguous signal to investors: no one is safe.
15850- Almost none of the writers had seen the exhibition - most had signed form letters.
15851- One day, Romania might actually learn this lesson.
15852- Perhaps the most important is Tunisia's educational system.
15853- The fate of the Franco-German axis, in particular, hinges on the outcome of the referendum.
15854- A rapid decline in the dollar is likely to have a very different impact: primarily to impoverish workers whose products are exported to America and investors in dollar-denominated assets who see their portfolio values melting away.
15855- What has gone wrong?
15856- War Against the Laws of War
15857- If Israel returns to its pre-1967 borders, only to find continuing hostility and terrorism among the Palestinians, Israel will have gravely weakened its security for nothing.
15858- Mr. Blair's posture is all the more remarkable at a time when political leaders depend on opinion polls and the views expressed by so-called "focus groups" to tell them what to think.
15859- Peasant farmers may, for a time, be bribed or intimidated (the Taliban executes Afghan poppy growers) into cultivating crops other than poppy or coca.
15860- Organization also changed.
15861- I don't see any other, more pressing, reforms -- such as raising income taxes to pay for national security -- gaining any traction in the Bush regime.
15862- 0.2
15863- As we might expect, sensation-generating areas are active, but so are structures in emotion-generating areas of the brain and structures related to attention and thinking.
15864- The problem is that almost all of it is in US dollars -- a currency that is rapidly losing its value.
15865- Monopoly interests have bought and corrupted governments throughout the world.
15866- For example, the fanatical Red Guard movement swallowed up almost every youth of the right age.
15867- But the small countries now wishing to join the eurozone, which together make up 6% of the zone's economy, cannot impose significant damage on existing members were they to get convergence wrong, let alone anything like the damage caused by Germany joining with an overvalued currency.
15868- The Bush Administration is flouting every rule to give its cronies the inside track.
15869- From "Copenhagen to Copenhagen" has thus been the motto of the Danish EU Presidency.
15870- He may have had more than the departing Taylor in mind when he said, ``It has indeed been a shameful thing that, as Africans, we have killed ourselves for such a long time.''
15871- That, however, is not the kind of message elected Prime Ministers want to hear.
15872- Of course, taking democracy "to the streets" is never an easy choice.
15873- But meaningful reform will almost surely have to await an American administration that is committed to global democracy in deed as well as rhetoric.
15874- The base of world terrorism consists of daring fanatics who believe in a sacred, fiery destiny.
15875- In a September 2004 letter to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, President George W. Bush reassured Israelis that it was "unrealistic to expect that the outcome of final status negotiations will be a full and complete return to the armistice lines of 1949."
15876- When Japan's asset-price bubble burst in 1990-91, Japanese investors pulled out of the US-leading to a credit crunch and the mild recession that torpedoed President Bush's re-election hopes in 1992.
15877- Unless and until China's leaders answer both questions with a simple "No" they will continue to have blood on their hands and a tainted legitimacy.
15878- On the other hand, Hamas's history and current behavior clearly indicate that it regards elections as merely a political tool, and that it is devoid of any commitment to the norms and values underlying democracy.
15879- For 2004, the central government allocated some 78 billion yuan for laid-off workers and the poor, with localities also upping their outlays. But the sad truth is that probably only about a quarter of those pushed out of their plants ever received assistance.
15880- It amounts to a determination that all the detainees at Guantanamo are guilty of being unlawful combatants without any proceedings or any opportunity for them to defend themselves.
15881- It does not offer an alternative view of the modern world other than the implicit claim that modernity is neither necessary nor desirable.
15882- Instead, we have a special deficit with regard to our explanatory understandings.
15883- Instead, he could be headed to the presidency.
15884- The European Union rebuffs Ukraine's approaches with increasing coldness.
15885- This will require greater transparency in monetary and fiscal policy, timely publication of data, readiness to be assessed by the IMF, more open public administration, and rooting out corruption.
15886- The second set of trends reflects changes in the motivation and organization of terrorist groups.
15887- However, this means that the challenge of maintaining a strong social welfare state in ethnically and racially diverse societies such as the US is not economic, but one of promoting respect and inclusiveness.
15888- We doggedly fight to prolong life, only to find that we cannot win this battle - and are left unable to produce authentic rituals to accompany the end of our existence.
15889- But that lost world was a world of unquestioned dynamism and growth.
15890- Should the Troops Come Home Now?
15891- India's Divide and Misrule
15892- Successful modernization and democratization of Turkey -- with a strong civil society, the rule of law, and a modern economy -- will not only be hugely beneficial for Turkey, but will also export stability and serve as a model for transformation in the Islamic world.
15893- The result may yet turn out to be a stepping-stone towards an effective state that deserves international recognition.
15894- Rapid and effective isolation of infected cases, together with efficient tracing and monitoring of the contacts made by those infected with SARS, allowed public health officials in Hong Kong, Toronto, Singapore, and Vietnam to contain the epidemic.
15895- Along with the early euphoria and hype that typically surround the rollout of new technologies, nanotechnology has been the subject of projections concerning its possible environmental risks well before its wide-scale commercialization.
15896- Obviously, no modern Conservative philosophy can thrive by identifying itself with nationalism and protectionist policies.
15897- The market lacks institutional investors. Sixty-one closed and open-ended investment funds currently own about 10% of traded shares.
15898- Instead, they will dwell on what is by now uncontroversial: welcoming the recent, if still fragile, progress in Israel-Palestine relations, supporting stability in post-election Iraq and Afghanistan, and extolling the transatlantic link.
15899- The list of exemptions includes a country's net payments to the EU, education expenses, public investment in general, or exceptional expenses.
15900- Nevertheless, to American eyes, other contentious issues are now emerging in relations with China.
15901- Russia has never made a successful transformation of any kind in a time of peace.
15902- But no section of Ukraine is our enemy and none will be treated that way.
15903- Like Thatcher, Blair now hears from his party that he should go and replies that "the people" still want him.
15904- The conference will focus on the bottom line - where is the money to fight poverty and disease?
15905- At the same time, the surveys found little support among any of these three major groups for sectarian conflict.
15906- According to this equation the conflict between Jews and Arabs replicates the conflicts between colonial settlers and indigenous peoples.
15907- Turkey's success in moving forward as a modern democracy will depend, of course, on many factors, most of them internal to Turkey and having to do with domestic leadership and decisions that political and economic actors will make in Turkey.
15908- Enlargement has produced a Union confident enough to engage more explicitly -- and even with elements of hard power -- in the Balkans, Afghanistan, and elsewhere.
15909- Moreover, economic growth in the Nordic countries has been similar to that in the US in recent years.
15910- Even with the tradable sector suffering due to the strong yen, capital-market liberalization meant that the capitalized value of future income streams, particularly from land, soared, as the interest rate at which they were discounted fell.
15911- America has no such control today.
15912- Such leaders are using religion for their own highly modern political purposes; they use it to organize and mobilize their supporters - to commit individual or collective suicide, if need be.
15913- The diagnosis is a familiar one known as "the Dutch disease."
15914- Countries need to rely on themselves and mobilize domestic resources (although the IMF frequent insistence on tight monetary and fiscal policies often makes this more difficult.)
15915- The Parmalat scandal may have been a blow to global capitalism, but in Italy it is hoped that it might sound the death knell for an economic system traditionally based much more on "connections" amongst private groups - and between these groups and the public sector - than on competitive markets.
15916- By June 9, British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown will offer his own "No" to Europe.
15917- Unbelievable nowadays?
15918- This is why in most accession countries last year, central banks and governments stepped up co-operation on defining joint positions on adopting the euro.
15919- This spring, the State Environmental Protection Administration produced the country's first official estimate of GDP adjusted downward for environmental losses.
15920- The post-Saddam challenge in Iraq has four components: humanitarian, security-related, economic, and political.
15921- Many journalists spent time behind bars, and there was a price to be paid when the morning newspapers contained even accidental typos, such as occurred when a headline concerning a royal birthday read "suspicious" instead of "auspicious."
15922- A combination of military force, political incentives, and economic growth that benefits the wider population can begin to bring an insurgency to heel.
15923- For example, companies increasingly augment standard wage packages with stock options, even for rank-and-file employees.
15924- In the poorest countries, where illiteracy is high, desperate people are subject to government manipulation, and there is a lack of independent control through the media and professional organizations, governments face only weak control by society.
15925- Even in impersonal market exchange, we cannot help but personalize transactions, say, with the grocery store cashier who smiles and thanks us, or the store greeter whose only purpose is to make us feel cared for.
15926- If properly managed, the economic benefits will be significant both for the developing world (higher remittances, but also greater opportunities for learning and experience) and rich countries (a younger, dynamic, and often entrepreneurial workforce).
15927- This support should be conditioned on demonstrated progress.
15928- Even a formula like "war on terror" simplifies a more complex phenomenon.
15929- First, and most important, capital controls create ideal conditions for large-scale corruption.
15930- Cubans recognize the contradictions as readily as any outsider. Yet even as inflation rises and the 77-year-old dictator tightens Internet access and closes the economic openings that encouraged self-employment in the mid-1990's, it is unlikely that Cubans will turn Castro out before he dies.
15931- All of this physical degradation -- as it happens -- is accomplished with local consent and active local assistance. In other words: those who defile "our" identity are primarily ourselves -- we who should be its protectors and guardians.
15932- The US has to make clear that it plans to withdraw its troops quickly and entirely.
15933- One hopes that the 2005 Defense Review will address this issue, although it is certain to answer some strategic questions and leave others open to continued debate.
15934- Skeptics see an empire living on borrowed money and borrowed time.
15935- (Can Germany Still Be Saved?) stands out for its cogent argument.
15936- Weisberg is not given a mere "with," but the full credit of a co-author that the word "and" delivers.
15937- Furthermore, trade tensions could weaken political ties.
15938- Why?
15939- Consumers in the US, but also in Europe and Asia, will be hit by an oil shock.
15940- At the same time, there are at least a half-dozen other global hot spots -- some might be tempted to include the US Senate -- that could trigger a major breakdown in world trade.
15941- But the rapprochement itself is, of course, mainly the work of Ariel Sharon, whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma.
15942- Since 1995, there were 26 reforms of migration policies in the EU-15: two-thirds tightened regulations by increasing procedural obstacles faced by visa applicants, reducing the duration of work permits, or making family reunification more difficult.
15943- The only people who seem to have benefited from this democratic division are the murderous Tamil Tigers.
15944- In November 2004, the European Investment Bank (EIB), working with the private bank BNP Paribas, announced that it would issue the world's first long-term longevity bond.
15945- The international security force, staffed mainly by Turks, is being upgraded and its mandate extended to the entire country.
15946- Of course there is the question of who qualifies for an assisted death.
15947- If prices rise simply because investors decide that there is no longer any risk, then prices will collapse all the more precipitously if investors collectively change their minds.
15948- This is what network theorists call "self-organizing" behavior. As each unit took its own steps, these local actions were communicated to the rest of the world through Web sites that tracked and disseminated global plans, as well as offering information, advice, and encouragement.
15949- But it would make an immense difference for Germany's chances if the US actively supported what is, after all, a reasonable objective of one of its most important allies.
15950- That insight remains valid today.
15951- This failure can be explained only by the money illusion, which ultimately is connected with what psychologists call "framing."
15952- Is America facing this third type of recession?
15953- Gasification of coal allows for the removal of dangerous pollutants, and coal can already be converted to gasoline at low cost; a South African company is beginning to bring that technology to China on a large scale.
15954- Whether US foreign policy will come to reflect this fact, only the future will tell.
15955- His vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
15956- King Fahad, the longest-serving king in Saudi Arabia's history (24 years), is dead. For six weeks, the King lay in a hospital fighting death, something he has done, in reality, ever since he suffered a massive stroke 10 years ago.
15957- Finally, parasites, simple animals that infect us, are already classified as pandemics.
15958- One would add six new permanent members -- such as India, Brazil, Egypt, South Africa, Japan, and Germany -- as well as three two-year members.
15959- So the US spends around thirty times more on the military than it does on peaceful development aid for the poorest countries.
15960- Our Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders has 886 pages of such illnesses.
15961- I knew it would lead to Cuba's annihilation."
15962- The bad news is that all three politicians are lame ducks unlikely to undertake the reforms Europe so badly needs before their final goodbyes.
15963- Parliamentary sovereignty in Germany means sovereignty, first and foremost, over the government.
15964- If you compare the concepts used to frame newspaper editorials today and ten or more years ago, you will find the deep - but unacknowledged - impact of the social sciences.
15965- The battle being waged in America today to restore these values is one that has been waged repeatedly around the world.
15966- The bad news is that an amorphous, disorganized, and nihilistic insurgency can eventually evolve into a coherent, efficient, and purposeful one.
15967- Ending International Occupation
15968- Whatever change they have brought has not been obvious.
15969- Indeed, the Japanese believe that the halfhearted backing of US business groups for a new round of WTO talks reflects the success of the earlier sectoral agreements.
15970- More importantly, skeptics also doubt the validity of the administration's argument linking democracy and reduction of terrorism.
15971- Eastern Europe's post-revolutionary enthusiasm for Europe has evaporated.
15972- Prisons were overcrowded, and cultural expression was stifled.
15973- So, in October 1997, Gordon Brown announced that he had devised five tests to see whether Britain and the Euro were suited to each other.
15974- Moreover, next year he will have been Prime Minister for a decade, longer than any previous Labour leader.
15975- The recent experience of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum highlights the limitations of open sectoralism and should prompt a thorough re-appraisal.
15976- That Clinton did lie about his sexual activities is clear, and he was wrong to do so.
15977- Twice in the last ten years, national governments have explicitly given the EU the authority to tighten constraints on their subsidies to failing airline companies.
15978- This recent growth has been fueled by a strong boom in commodity prices, including not only energy inputs such as oil, gas and coal, but also metals, minerals, and agricultural products.
15979- Office buildings and commuter trains and coffee shops are today's battlefields.
15980- It is difficult to gauge Ríos Montt's actual popularity.
15981- Vicente Fox will have to acknowledge these differences and work with them.
15982- At the same time, 17% of all candidates were women, far more than in earlier elections. Runoff votes will send more women than ever to Kazakhstan's parliament.
15983- It is an onerous and solemn undertaking, uplifting one day and extremely frustrating the next.
15984- No single entity keeps track of the real extent of the abuse of all human subjects engaged in research either in the United States or worldwide.
15985- This is because coordinated interventions signal to market participants that all intervening central banks share the judgment that exchange rates are misaligned.
15986- Why not?
15987- In those days, editors, reporters, and columnists played a cat-and-mouse game with the authorities, resorting to satire, humor, or metaphor.
15988- Central American textiles were also caught in a CAFTA snag.
15989- Understandably, when they won independence and escaped prosecution, they trimmed the 14
15990- 1900-1945
15991- The Environmental Effect of Tsunamis
15992- In California, one of the world's most unstable geological regions, only one in six homeowners buys earthquake insurance.
15993- The Irish rejected the Nice Treaty in a referendum last year.
15994- The country derives almost 76% of its energy needs from coal, burning almost 2.2 billion tons of it in 2005, with consumption set to rise to 2.6 billion tons by 2010.
15995- The right-of-center Party of National Action (PAN), the grouping of current President Vicente Fox and Calderón, needs to acquire a sincere and profound social conscience.
15996- -3.0
15997- On the left, Royal, the Socialist president of the region of Poitou-Charentes, has scant government experience, serving brief stints as environment minister, family minister, and education minister.
15998- I mention the importance of these military-to-military relationships because the US in this new century is undergoing a significant transformation of its military arrangements and partnerships around the globe -- necessary adjustments based on the new realities, and new threats, that have emerged since the end of the Cold War.
15999- He asked why.
16000- Rivero must still take pleasure in the poem by Nestor Leliebre Camue, a native of Santiago de Cuba.
16001- But such opportunities are all too easy to squander.
16002- But as their experience reveals--along with the experiences of many others, such as South Korea, Taiwan, and Vietnam--deep trade liberalization is hardly ever a factor in fostering higher growth and expanded trade early on.
16003- Malaysia, a successful and stable moderate Muslim country, has put the issue just right.
16004- Western Geopolitics: An Infantile Disorder
16005- Indeed, the Japan Defense Agency recently outlined three scenarios for a Chinese attack against Japan, and announced that it is planning to redeploy its troops from the north (where they were originally stationed to defend Japan against the former Soviet Union) to the south, facing China.
16006- Former Minister of Trade and Industry Mohammad al-Samadi estimates that Iraqis buy more than $500 million of Jordanian goods annually.
16007- Soon after the devastating earthquake in Pakistan, a public affairs team was deployed with our sizable military forces in the disaster area.
16008- Indeed, the implementation of the Multilateral Debt Relief initiated by the G-8 already provides an unprecedented opportunity to complete the process of debt relief for a large number of low-income countries.
16009- As a result, the sale or supply of used or new surface combat vessels by the Japan Coast Guard or even Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) to ASEAN countries, say, Malaysia, Indonesia or Singapore, to help them fight maritime terrorism and piracy more effectively will now likely be permitted.
16010- Abroad, Merkel has no need to demonstrate that Germany is a big country in Europe; her partners are fully aware of this.
16011- Otherwise Russia may look like a country whose main interest is in maintaining an option where all of America is vulnerable to nuclear blackmail.
16012- Local terrorism affects different states differently and divides instead of unites.
16013- America also promised--in the Doha Declaration in 2001--to open its markets to the world's poorest countries.
16014- Early efforts to privatize Iraq's oil industry proved disastrous, confirming for many Iraqis that the occupying Americans were determined to "steal" the country's wealth and thus fanning the flames of violent resistance.
16015- To put it bluntly, given the World Bank's importance, consideration of either putative US candidate, Assistant Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz or former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carleton Fiorina, have been highly controversial around the world.
16016- The two types of "post-academic" university that they represent--the one a diploma mill, the other a patent factory--share an overriding interest in benefiting those who can pay at the point of delivery.
16017- This is the main political project in most free societies, and it is in principle acceptable to all major parties.
16018- No IMF intervention or Gulf War to preserve the Saudi throne will be sufficient if either scenario moves from nightmare prospect to reality.
16019- Consider Europe's financial markets, which provide an alternative way to break the reform deadlock.
16020- Marriage Counseling for America and Europe
16021- The ICTY's first chief prosecutor, Richard Goldstone, called for condemnation of ethnic persecution in order to enable all sides to transcend identity politics and move towards a more liberal political order.
16022- Nothing that goes against the "letter and spirit" of the king's dismissal of his government is allowed to be printed and broadcast, and "action will be taken against anyone violating the notice."
16023- Expatriate involvement will also likely support the rights of women to participate fully and legally in economic and political life, as was the case before 1978.
16024- Even Slobodan Milosevic had more support in Yugoslavia before his fall.
16025- Likewise, the deterioration of international relations before World Wars I and II was marked by governments' increased propensity to use economics as a tool of power politics. In 1911, the diplomatic crisis over Morocco was accompanied by a French speculative attack on German financial markets.
16026- In the last ten years, CONAIE has spearheaded protests to stop privatization, the extraction of natural resources, and export-oriented agricultural policies.
16027- Profits generated provided funds for expansion.
16028- This implies a fundamental reversal of the present approach, whereby social policies belong to member states and the Union has tightly circumscribed powers of intervention, which, in addition, can only be exercised with unanimity.
16029- China dominated Asia in terms of "sea power" until the seventeenth century.  Indeed, during the Ming Dynasty (1368—1644), Admiral Zheng He's "Great Navy" was the world's most powerful.
16030- First, US agricultural protectionism should be reduced.
16031- In itself, this approach represents a worthy expression of collective conscience in opposition to the terrorists. 
16032- Their primary task is protecting their own interests.
16033- It is possible that highly metastasized breast tumors might have acquired additional genetic changes causing resistance to treatment with PARP inhibitors.
16034- The increase in Turkey's population might almost balance out the decline in the population of the present EU 15; but it is unlikely that today's existing member states will regard this satisfactory.
16035- The proposed "united economic space" will also have its own norms - the ways of the oligarch, the corrupt bureaucrat, the crony capitalist, and the politically motivated prosecutor.
16036- While it might take days or even weeks before Mexico's cliff-hanger presidential election is officially settled, it seems almost certain that right-of-center, liberal candidate Felipe Calderón will be the country's next president.
16037- But the most powerful push for the conference came from politicians in the largely Christian south, apprehensive that power would return to the Muslim north in 2007 after Obasanjo, himself a southern Christian, completed his second term.
16038- One of the more frustrating elements of the anti-secession law is the fact that it is an entirely unnecessary provocation.
16039- All these are important, all these are remotely affected by IMF policies, none of them can get around the central truth that a country which has hit the ropes needs to practice austerity.
16040- -0.6
16041- Radical Palestinians want to destroy Israel, while radical Israelis demand control over the entire West Bank, through either continued occupation or even (according to a tiny minority) a forcible removal of the Palestinian population.
16042- They have even experimented with homegrown ideologies--Nasserism, Ba'athism, and Khomeinism.
16043- This year provides a historic window of opportunity. We must seize it.
16044- The world's economic powers finally appear to be closing ranks behind efforts to address global poverty and economic underdevelopment.
16045- In factories as well, Party bureaucrats wanted to know everything and decide everything.
16046- But to imprison corrupt managers, regulators and politicians is an essential element of a functioning and respected capitalism.
16047- When all is said and done, however, European prices will look as they do in the US, where large divergences exist a century after free trade and a common currency were established between the states.
16048- A humane version of the biomedical sciences would, for instance, acknowledge that it is not about to transcend the limits of the human body, and so it would no longer make promises that it cannot keep.
16049- That now requires supporting the EU's deep involvement in Afghanistan as its key contribution to repairing and reforming the Atlantic Alliance.
16050- Bernanke's research also stressed that the sooner a country abandoned the gold standard, the better off it was.
16051- The public seems to be saying to the on-their-way-out leaders of the Franco-German alliance: Stop the excuses, and start getting our economies working again.
16052- It is still not too late to open this door and let Pakistanis, Indians and Kashmiris help each other. 
16053- It puts at risk only the ethnically narrow and religiously intolerant structure of the regime.
16054- Still, government must develop the institutional capability to anticipate and act within the same news cycle.
16055- The agreements in November suggest that most of the world shares such hopes, and is ready to commit political resources into the success of the process.
16056- The protesters who want to "sink or shrink" the WTO would destroy the goose that lays the golden eggs.
16057- Yet, welfare state reform is not a priority of right-wing populists.
16058- While hard-hitting professional news and programs like Al Itijah al Mu'akess provided viewers with unique television, it took major world conflicts to bring Al Jazeera acclaim.
16059- So far, the results are encouraging.
16060- Militant Palestinians and Lebanese know that a captured Israeli soldier or civilian is either a cause of conflict or a valuable bargaining chip for prisoner exchange.
16061- Yanukovich stands for a truly oligarchic state of the sort Putin defeated at home, and Yanukovich accused Yushchenko of having sold Ukrainian companies to Russian corporations.
16062- But he who can't be fired won't be hired, and he who won't be hired won't quit.
16063- The government must deal with an estimated 270 million unemployed or underemployed people;
16064- While Russia has almost completely lost its superpower status, Serbia was deeply humiliated by NATO in 1999.
16065- Here Professor Michael Porter of Harvard University has proposed a "Baltic Rim Regional Agenda" to develop an innovative and co-operative mindset to improve the region's business development.
16066- Resolving these semi-dormant wars requires stepped-up political involvement, economic engagement, and a willingness to provide Western peacekeeping forces and monitors if and when they are needed.
16067- Fox and his team thought that the mechanisms that worked during the authoritarian period could simply be transferred to the democratic era and function smoothly.
16068- After all, why should the central banks of China, Japan, South Korea, and other Asian countries accumulate vast holdings of US Treasury bills if the dollar is likely to lose value in the years ahead?
16069- Its average per capita GDP was 39% above that of the other EU countries, and on average the unemployment rate stood at 6.7%, compared to 8% elsewhere in the old EU.
16070- Chimpanzees and bonobos are our closest relatives, and we humans, not gorillas or orangutans, are their closest relatives.
16071- By the early 1990's, official development assistance was still around 0.33% of donor GNP, and by the early 2000's, it had declined to around 0.22% of GNP.
16072- China and India have been crisscrossing the globe making financially and politically costly deals to try to lock up the output of new oil-producing countries.
16073- It is sheer fantasy to believe that the threat of an aid cutoff would enable the US and Europe to influence the course of Ethiopia's complex internal politics.
16074- Despite these benefits, some claim that NATO enlargement into the Baltic would draw new lines of division in Europe.
16075- Natural science -- as so often -- has a more mundane answer, one that has to do with natural selection.
16076- However, the crying need for an effective institutional, usually parliamentary, opposition is evident.
16077- But if the British imagine that the Constitution will just die, and that that will be the end of the story, they are deceiving themselves.
16078- In addition, after the reoccupation of the West Bank's cities in April 2002, Israel arrested about 7000 Palestinians who are allegedly associated with Hamas, Fatah, and other Palestinian groups.
16079- Birds are the greatest concern today only because the spread is easy to see.
16080- The issue of women faculty members, especially in basic sciences, is far more complex.
16081- This absence of animating purpose, of faith in the future, has made us hungry for our past.
16082- Sooner or later these will end, either because oil is superseded by other energy sources or because supplies become exhausted.
16083- One honest babushka once told me that she bought a ticket and tried to board the train.
16084- Were such a market for science to exist, scientists would form enterprises, just like businesses, the best of which would succeed, while others would fail.
16085- After the disastrous month of September, when terrorist attacks and retaliation contributed to storm clouds over the global economy, November demonstrated the resilience of globalization.
16086- "Big bangs" in institutional reform, however, may generate more harm than good. Minor and gradual institutional change can have a powerful impact on growth if it is perceived as initiating further credible reform.
16087- On other occasions, however, the three countries give the impression of being mainly interested in presenting themselves as an exclusive club, triggering resentment among their EU partners.
16088- There are as yet no "Copenhagen criteria" to guide constitution-makers here.
16089- Many people gather outside; some pray; others have built pagan altars.
16090- The Chimera of Russia's Gas Power
16091- As a result, much of the developing world is relieved that at least this risk has been avoided.
16092- In order to allay misgivings and restore trust in the alliance, it is necessary for the US and South Korea to reaffirm their common interests and values in pursuing deterrence, nonproliferation, stability, and democracy on the Korean peninsula and across Asia.
16093- Such officials staffed the first Bush administration.
16094- The French "no" was a massive blow to the political credibility of French President Jacques Chirac.
16095- The EU redistributes billions of euros from rich to poor members: more poor members mean more claimants on that purse.
16096- But the outcome of this grand experiment, which pits an authoritarian government dedicated to controlling politics against an information technology inherently resistant to such controls, is far from certain.
16097- For two and a half years, the European Union has made every effort to get Iran to cooperate fully with the IAEA and come clean about its nuclear activities, to no avail.
16098- So, under the "new" US rules, that country is entitled to reinstate tariffs as "safeguards."
16099- So wherever globalization and full commercialization reign supreme, there is an unmistakable concentration of quality and success.
16100- • Greater Competitiveness : African leaders have been slow to realize that they must woo foreign corporations with special services, training programs for workers, and even subsidized offices.
16101- Inequality in the distribution of talent across countries would rise, even if total world output of goods and services, and their average quality, improved, as with football today.
16102- Having secured an independent Irish state, Catholics in the Republic of Ireland came to accept the existence of a settler enclave in Northern Ireland.
16103- Darfur has been caught in a drought-induced death trap, but nobody has seen fit to approach the Darfur crisis from the perspective of long-term development rather than the perspective of war.
16104- The next year, parliament was dissolved and local elected bodies were disbanded.
16105- After all, a currency can appreciate while an economy is sluggish, or depreciate despite robust growth.
16106- Moreover, the demand for such an allegiance is a renunciation of one of the most important steps in Europe's development.
16107- So why is the world so ungrateful?
16108- While it has trimmed its welfare state, it has not abandoned it. Economic performance equals or exceeds that in most of the rest of Europe.
16109- If that sounds familiar, its is because the Chinese Communist Party never forgets its history -- and is determined to prevent history from repeating itself.
16110- In Milan this year, more foreigners than Italians registered as self-employed.
16111- At the same time, the main alternative candidates on the left and right have positioned themselves too far toward the extremes to recapture the center easily.
16112- His passivity was rewarded with a thumping re-election victory.
16113- Avoiding the Terrorists' Trap
16114- Their cause could no longer be ignored.
16115- But there continues to be an enormous need for imported goods -- medicines to promote health, technology to reduce the knowledge gap between the developing countries and the rest of the world, and machines to enhance productivity.
16116- Conversely, is it fair to the electorate if reforms are shelved whenever clear political majorities go missing?
16117- Running behind "Evo" is Jorge "Tuto" Quiroga, a millionaire former IBM executive from the European-descended Bolivian elite; he is closely aligned with America's Republican Party and is married to a Texas blonde named Ginger.
16118- The issue is not free trade versus protectionism, but "smart trade" versus "polarizing trade." Smart trade creates balanced development, while polarizing trade rewards a small circle of winners at the expense of the many.
16119- Europe's Enron-induced schadenfreude is kaput.
16120- Of course, this was a mirage: by issuing such options shareholder value was diluted.
16121- Finally, exposure to the discipline of financial markets would make it harder for profligate governments to misbehave.
16122- Suddenly the country is thrown into a balance of payments crisis, in which it cannot service its foreign debts. This disrupts trade and production.
16123- This was even more evident when a few months later my family moved from Berlin to Hamburg, then under British occupation.
16124- The air force is to continue its monitoring activities in neighboring airspace and maintain response readiness against air attack, while modifying invasion response tactics somewhat as the likelihood of an attack from the air diminishes.
16125- It may well be time for another technocratic push: a Fiscal Stabilization Board that would take its place beside the Federal Reserve Board.
16126- Hong Kong's Threat to China
16127- One of the last acts of his government was to replace the majoritarian electoral system, introduced in 1993, with proportional rule.
16128- So it is fatuous for Israel's government to insist that the Palestinians disarm completely before the peace process can continue, when Palestinian moderates have no proof that Israel will withdraw to the pre-1967 boundaries.
16129- As the dollar weakens, America looks even less safe. So a rush to the door begins.
16130- America's Schizophrenic Economy
16131- Officials would liquidate the low-return investments that form the legacy of the late-1980s asset-price bubble and then clear away the wreckage left behind in the financial system.
16132- Some important questions remain.
16133- World War I was the trigger that set off the reversal, with economic globalization declining while military globalization increased, as witnessed by two world wars and a global cold war.
16134- After this spectacular Russian failure, however, Putin's "managed democracy" looks anachronistic and faces the threat of a real democracy in its neighbor spreading to Russia.
16135- Indeed, even intellectuals are caught up in the emotional undertones.
16136- At the present time, there is only one civilization in the world that is living and advancing, all the others are dead or dying.
16137- The caption reads: Will they kill him again?
16138- Genetically identical bacteria represent an extreme case.
16139- Big winners are workers in poor countries who get better jobs working for firms that can now export services to rich countries.
16140- Early onset depression (before 20 years of age) is particularly associated with a significantly higher risk of relapse and recurrence.
16141- But aging and death will still win out in the end.
16142- Our modernity is probably a part of their legacy as well.
16143- In a second vote, the election's loser was crowned the winner.
16144- European efforts to induce Teheran to renounce its nuclear designs by addressing Iran's legitimate security concerns and offering important opportunities for economic and social betterment cannot be successful without active US support.
16145- China's membership in the WTO is sure to be followed by Russia's membership in the coming years.
16146- They are nostalgic for the past and fearful of globalization.
16147- The single largest area of US government procurement is defense, a sector in which even the European Union has found it difficult to make inroads.
16148- The Chamber of Deputies is poised to enact a law only the White Queen in Alice in Wonderland could love.
16149- Appeasement similarly crippled Europe when genocide ran rampant in Bosnia and Kosovo.
16150- Few doubt that Bill Clinton will be a powerful force in America if his wife becomes president.
16151- Surely, today's low volatility is partly cyclical.
16152- In a few days, there will be ceremonies to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the revision of Captain Alfred Dreyfus's conviction on charges of espionage in a trial that tore the country apart.
16153- But despite all that, unemployment remained stubbornly high and a pervasive insecurity had set in.
16154- And Jospin was considered the only possible winner in 2002, before finishing third, behind Chirac and Jean-Marie Le Pen.
16155- However, the legendary tandems of the past-de Gaulle and Adenauer, Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and Helmut Schmidt, François Mitterrand and Helmut Kohl-have not been succeeded by a comparable duo.
16156- At the same time, it is unreasonable to expect the increasing number of academics on short-term contracts to defend the integrity of an institution that cannot promise them job security.
16157- That remains as true today as it did almost 40 years ago, when I first entered government.
16158- A number of small and mid-sized powers will now ask themselves a radically new question: if North Korea can be a nuclear power, why not us?
16159- Living with Insecurity
16160- Is Iraq the Next Afghanistan?
16161- Is there a remedy?
16162- It was thought that some of these DNA alterations may in part explain some of the physical differences that exist between two different, but otherwise normal individuals.
16163- In Latin America, many people live with outstretched hands.
16164- It goes without saying that there should be "no taxation without representation."
16165- When Argentina invaded and occupied the Falkland Islands, the United Kingdom could take whatever measures were necessary to remove them.
16166- Think about what this means.
16167- President John F. Kennedy's insistence, against much advice, on containment during the Cuban missile crisis saved the world from nuclear war.
16168- But it is PRONACO's demand that at least 50% of the oil revenue derived from the Niger delta and other states in the south be retained in the area of production that most threatens the survival of the country's survival as a united entity.
16169- Low-income countries have demonstrated that rapid progress is possible.
16170- If the Muslim Brotherhood comes to power in Egypt one day, Kifaya's report will explain a lot about how it happened.
16171- The euro also hit hard at those politicians who had discovered that inflation is an attractive form of taxation since it does not require a vote in Parliament.
16172- But a spy's stock-in-trade is recruiting and nurturing collaborators.
16173- Opposing parties use the same weapons, develop comparable tactics, and preach increasingly similar ideals.
16174- In the years since it regained its independence, Ukraine has proved that it can play an important and constructive role in the region.
16175- The present crisis exposes this pattern of European behavior as what it has always been - the luxury of looking backwards.
16176- The best possible outcome from this meeting would involve a Pakistani commitment to curb official and unofficial support for the various insurgent groups in Indian-administered Kashmir in return for Indian troop withdrawals from Kashmir and an expanded dialogue between New Delhi and the APHC.
16177- Dalian is becoming a center for software development and Japanese-language back-office work, such as insurance processing and call centers.
16178- But if we want to be partners in the development of modern defensive systems, we must negotiate in good faith, not bargain hard just to walk away in a pre-planned way at the end.
16179- If a reform is as good as we think it is, then so is public debt to finance its political acceptability.
16180- But the darkest shadow is the threat of a default on the country's $260 billion debt.
16181- Globalization must become "glo c alization": there is value in the relative certainties of local communities, small companies, human associations.
16182- Whereas the standard story -- the one that motivated the drive to liberalize capital flows -- is that developing countries are saving-constrained, the fact that capital is moving outward rather than inward in the most successful developing countries suggests that the constraint lies elsewhere. Most likely, the real constraint lies on the investment side.
16183- The private sector and media outlets like the influential Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper have also joined in. The Liberal Democrats aim to have their draft constitutional amendments ready for the 50th anniversary of the party's founding this November.
16184- That is why the United States would be wise to limit its special operations in Afghanistan to some intensive manhunts.
16185- Similarly, we can ask them to answer critical diagnostic questions (for example, "How does a helicopter go from hovering in place to flying forward?")
16186- The implication of this position is profound and shocking.
16187- Another visit this year generated a new estimate: from 1,500 to 1,800 crossings every day.
16188- If Europe's social market model is to survive enlargement, it must find a way to expand eastward with the EU.
16189- Ten days ago, Viktor Yushchenko, the opposition candidate for president (who is leading in the polls), disappeared from the campaign trail.
16190- Today, the US dollar is also looking at a challenge from two new or newly important currencies, China's Renmimbi and the Euro.
16191- Recall that Russia's pro-Western liberals, ascendant a decade ago, have been relegated to the ideological fringe, with the very word "democrat" (let alone "pro-West") now a term of abuse.
16192- The next problem to be tackled - again with constitutional implications - is the anonymous, bureaucratic nature of European legal acts.
16193- But the Lebanon war's failure may yet provide an opening to peace if Israel is bold enough to seize it.
16194- The other myth is, of course, Evita.
16195- One of the paradoxical results of America's almost messianic belief in elections as a panacea for all the ills of the Middle East is that Hamas -- the winner of democratic elections -- has gained a degree of legitimacy that it never had before.
16196- This is most notable among big member states like Britain, France, and Spain, and one can see why; these are former "great powers," which fear being submerged in a mega-Europe.
16197- Its performance in local and state elections has improved markedly since Congress's popularity collapsed in the early 1990s and it now rules 14 of the 29 states (including government of the national capital region Delhi).
16198- It is not too late for the US to regain its political and diplomatic influence in Latin America.
16199- American companies operating in Europe are part of that system for their European-based emissions, so that US companies are being pulled into climate control even if their own government avoids the issue.
16200- Canada has become a dream for many, but so are the countries of Europe.
16201- Indeed, Japan's current growth is being driven overwhelmingly by trade with China - a country with only one-thirtieth of Japan per capita GDP!
16202- They could begin that long process by taking the following steps:
16203- The rest of the vote is split many ways -- unless a political force emerges to cut right through the old party structures by arousing popular nationalist or socialist sentiments, or a combination of the two.
16204- This is logical: in a machista society, masculinity is the central value.
16205- Various ethnic and religious groups, based in different regions, are battling for oil revenue and political clout.
16206- Blair's Euroskepticism is understandable insofar as it chimes with the British mood.
16207- Moreover, the contributions to health would translate into huge economic strides.
16208- This enabled Lomborg to appeal the verdict, successfully, claiming that the Committee had victimized him for political reasons, given his recent appointment as director of a major national institute for environmental research.
16209- There was a brief political infatuation among some Westerners in the 1960's with Nehru jackets and Maoist revolution, but it was brief.
16210- I have no wish to give politicians in post-colonial countries whose leadership has been found wanting any reason to find excuses in the past for their own failures.
16211- With America bogged down in Iraq and oil prices hitting record highs, regime hardliners see little reason to compromise these days.
16212- The government is now seeking to decontrol domestic interest rates, create a more robust domestic bond market, and finally remove capital controls.
16213- The mandate gap reflects the way the world has done business with the UN for decades -- big promises, small pay-outs, much scapegoating if the UN then fails.
16214- The biggest challenge for the next government is to acknowledge the risks and dangers of the resource curse, and design a new, creative model to avoid it.
16215- Of course.
16216- This is partly a question of trans-Atlantic differences in the levels of defense spending, and therefore of military capability.
16217- But the state can and should organize a good ethical and political education that affords young people the opportunity to interact with others and recognize and accept their equality.
16218- Who Pays for Bird Flu?
16219- The overlap in membership between NATO and the EU makes such defense cooperation both possible and logical, if not unavoidable.
16220- In some places, particularly the drier places of the globe, the deforestation was so severe, and was followed by such intense grazing, that forests have not been able to grow back.
16221- When they implicitly refused to support the anti-American stances of France and Germany in the current crisis, they were seen as disloyal to the EU.
16222- No matter how inconsistent such attitudes appear to be, they remain widespread and cannot be overlooked, because they suggest that people here conceive of NATO as a protective umbrella, not something to which they must contribute.
16223- Will Hamas be able to root out corruption and incompetence, and deliver services fairly and efficiently?
16224- A similar illusion is observed for the setting sun and for celestial distances between star points at different elevations.
16225- Why not have George W. Bush, Putin, and the other leaders share a G-8 movie night, and then discuss their reactions over drinks afterwards?
16226- Unfortunately, faced with a choice between protecting the long-term interests and human rights of their customers and complying with laws implemented by unelected power-holders, technology firms like Microsoft, Yahoo, and Google seem to have embraced the Ah Q spirit. They have made it clear that when it comes to free expression, their priorities lie on the side of surrender.
16227- Indeed, five of the nine qualify as "great overachievers" - significant political rights despite annual per capita income of less than $1,500.
16228- And in a case brought by fourteen foreign nationals, the court cast aside the government's argument that because the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay is nominally under Cuban sovereignty, American courts lack jurisdiction to entertain legal claims brought by persons who had no say in where the U.S. military chose to detain them.
16229- It must first fulfill the clear political criteria defined by the EU in Copenhagen ten years ago.
16230- Argentina is vulnerable to external shocks such as declining agricultural commodity prices because Argentina failed to develop a diversified export sector, one in which a broad range of industrial and service sectors are internationally competitive.
16231- So, where political and social values strongly favor labor, managers' loyalty to shareholder interests will be weaker.
16232- It became a matter of national pride for a country that had been guafen , "cut up like a melon," by predatory colonial powers, to end national feelings of humiliation by restoring itself to wholeness.
16233- There is more. Many redistributive programs in the US are run by the 50 states.
16234- The rest of the world, particularly Germany, had no choice but to let their currencies float.
16235- Professors do not deserve the title unless they are willing to take the time and make the effort to openly affirm something beyond their data.
16236- Even though voters could choose between electronic and paper ballots, difficulties remained, especially among older voters.
16237- It will try to divide the country between Russian and Ukrainian speakers.
16238- The Chinese government is hastening its shopping spree in America these days, pushing up the renminbi's exchange rate slowly but steadily.
16239- This is as true for genetically identical bacteria growing in a uniform environment as it is for a person living in Paris, Tokyo, Moscow or Buenos Aires.
16240- On "old economy" issues, ideological clashes have given way to tough-minded bargaining, as has happened in the Doha round of trade talks.
16241- "Political solutions" should be found, which really means that the European method of consensus building without firm action should be applied to the world at large.
16242- The Prophet Muhammad was a merchant, and the Quraysh (Mecca's ruling tribe at the time of the Prophet) lived by guiding caravans from Arabia to the Fertile Crescent.
16243- The need to supply fuel and open land during rapid economic development had a devastating effect on European and American forests.
16244- This debilitating -- and difficult to diagnose -- illness could thus be introduced to Costa Rica inadvertently by something as simple as an asymptomatic eco-tourist.
16245- Instead of investing in discovering oil, Gazprom has become the biggest media group in Russia. All this is done in the name of creating and supporting a national energy champion which also serves as a foreign policy arm of the Kremlin.
16246- But self-reliance will be impossible to achieve as long as the rich countries favor free markets and free trade only when it suits them.
16247- Some counsel retreating to the original six countries as an inner core that creates a federation within the larger union.
16248- It is a great shame that so many Europeans have steered clear of Iraq with a mixture of self-righteousness and anti-American Schadenfreude .
16249- China's government has used the war on terror to crack down on those seeking greater autonomy, including those who do so by peaceful means. This includes people like Rebiya Kadeer, a businesswoman imprisoned for sending newspaper articles to her husband in the US, Tohti Tunyaz, a Ph.D. student in Japan accused of publishing "sensitive documents," and Tursunjan Amat, a poet who recited a pro-independence poem at a public gathering in Urumqi.
16250- The Bush Administration should admit this, and redesign a tax program to strengthen the economy by making the country live within its means.
16251- Brazilian, Colombian, and Egyptian youngsters who work in brickyards often suffer irreparable spinal damage from carrying heavy loads.
16252- History suggests that once an insurgency reaches "critical mass," it takes a decade or more to eradicate it.
16253- Though terror in Nazi Germany and Communist Russia created many millions of victims, the memories of these events are vastly different.
16254- Asia, of course, is different.
16255- Having triggered and then witnessed the "anti-Brussels" vote, what should European governments do?
16256- There are many who think so.
16257- These days the Chairman of President Bush's Council of Economic Advisers, Ben Bernanke, likes to talk about a "global savings glut" that has produced astonishingly low real interest rates around the world.
16258- Just two of these countries - Russia and Ukraine - have a combined population that is triple that of all the new EU member states combined.
16259- Beyond Revolutionary Disillusion
16260- Time and again throughout the course of our lives, we must bring ourselves to tolerate opinions and behaviours that seem contrary to our own.
16261- That situation was well characterized by a line from John Connolly, the then Treasury Secretary for President Nixon: `` the dollar is our money and their problem! ''
16262- Europeans tend to prefer vacations over growth.
16263- Is there a way to weaken this opposition?
16264- Russia is literally buying its way back into the international system as a preeminent actor, one that is regaining power and clout by replacing nuclear weapons with oil and gas and substituting greed for fear.
16265- Amnesty for Saddam Hussein is simply intolerable.
16266- The Depopulation of Europe
16267- Indeed, no moral benefit can be derived from evoking the past if we fail to realize our group's shortcomings or errors.
16268- It treated the UN Security Council with disdain in its rush to war in Iraq, invoking justifications that have not stood up to scrutiny.
16269- Mexico should use its current position in the Security Council to send a message: the country has matured and its foreign policy has matured with it.
16270- Congress is reluctant to be portrayed as failing to support troops in the field; while they will criticize, they will not block Bush's plan.
16271- First, enlargement will take the EU right up to the frontier of Russia and the former Soviet Union; if Turkey joins, the EU will extend to the heart of the Middle East as well.
16272- I have been an advocate of campaign finance reform for almost a decade, including the legal defense of the current legislation.
16273- The most shocking statement in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina was President George W. Bush's remark that "I don't think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees" that protect New Orleans from flooding.
16274- They wanted to attack Cuba while the missiles were, as they believed, at sea and on their way to Cuba.
16275- But a lack of cooperation could result in higher-than-necessary oil and gas prices and perhaps defeat in the battle against climate change.
16276- With the end of Saddam Hussein's regime, the scope of his brutalization of the Iraqi people is becoming clear.
16277- True enough.
16278- Patients who experience auditory hallucinations do not show this reduction in activity to the sound of their own voice.
16279- He is perhaps the unsung hero of the entire debacle.
16280- Various candidates have been proposed for the role of globalization's assassin.
16281- In the old Soviet zone, it soon became clear that it would lead to a totalitarian satellite regime.
16282- Yet facts have been hitting hard.
16283- Indefinite detention without trial is as unacceptable as defining people as "illegal combatants," to whom no rules of any kind apply.
16284- A Two-State Solution for Palestine?
16285- They appeared to lead -- or really did lead -- strong governments and changed their societies enormously.
16286- The Poles claim--self-righteously--that they are representing not their own national interest, but that of all the smaller member states.
16287- Unless the Bush administration is vindicated in its actions--for example, if Saddam Hussein launches weapons of mass destruction that unite the world against him, or if the US discovers hidden nuclear weapons in the Iraqi desert--anti-American sentiments, and terrorism, unleashed by war, are likely to be massive.
16288- As the sociologist Norbert Elias put it: "The spectators of a football match can enjoy the mythical excitement of battles taking place in the stadium, and they know that neither the players nor they will suffer any harm."
16289- In 1965, Robert Ledley began the first real sequence database, the Atlas of Protein Sequence and Structure.
16290- Developing a new Euro-Atlantic strategy for the Black Sea region must start with the democracies of North America and Europe recognizing their moral and political stake in the outcome.
16291- The situation here is not unlike that which the EU faced in Eastern Europe, a region which also needed an "anchor" after the fall of communism.
16292- By rejecting a unilateral stance, Mexico enabled a multilateral outcome.
16293- Readiness to talk can be effective.
16294- This carries great promise, in particular, for sufferers of spinal cord injuries and diseases.
16295- Killing innocent people in order to bring a kind of rough justice to "Chemical Ali" -- a particularly nasty member of Saddam's military elite, but one who at the time of the raid was no longer in command of military forces -- is wrong.
16296- Unfortunately, the Israelis can show the Arabs that they cannot destroy Israel only by enduring the violent war of attrition that the Arabs are pursuing.
16297- Among the political benchmarks are provincial elections, enactment of an oil law that distributes oil wealth in a way that benefits the Sunnis, and reform of the de-Baathifcation policy, which has been so costly to those who worked in the Iraqi government under Saddam.
16298- In other words, the US spends as much on arms as the rest of the world combined.
16299- I looked around our island and wondered: was anyone listening?
16300- Whatever other goals lay behind the Iraq war, the Bush Administration seems keen to line the pockets of its cronies and to capture increased control over Middle East oil and pipeline routes.
16301- Has the United States transcended the laws of economics?
16302- The region is both more democratic and more unequal than it was ten years ago.
16303- Indeed, if they disappoint, the very principles on which they are based-democracy and civil liberties-will be discredited.
16304- At the London Conference, world leaders should support the counter-narcotics strategy recently approved by the Afghan government, which would reduce economic dependence on opium production, punish traffickers and dealers, and provide sustainable economic alternatives for poppy farmers.
16305- But as the ancient Greeks used to say, those whom the gods will destroy, they grant their wishes.
16306- In reality, this is not always the case.
16307- The most important lesson of APEC's failure is a recognition of the enormous difficulty found in constructing a broad enough, and yet politically acceptable, package when trade negotiations are limited to particular beneficiaries.
16308- Turkey's "conservative democrats" in the Justice and Development (AK) Party came to power in the first election thereafter, in November 2002, and were quickly able to marginalize radical elements among both the Islamists and secularists.
16309- Think of Jörg Haider and the late Pym Fortuyn, or, to a lesser extent, Italy's Northern League.
16310- This was followed by Russian news reports that China, Russia, and India would conduct trilateral military exercises, named "Indira 2005," on the same scale before the end of this year.
16311- Yet his frugal lifestyle shows that he does not particularly enjoy spending large amounts of money.
16312- While unequivocally commending America's tough stance in pressuring Iraq, Japan should not hesitate to deliver a clear message to the US: exercise patience to avoid war.
16313- As in most modern wars, oil spills are one of the most visible -- and therefore most reported -- forms of environmental damage.
16314- Is Africa next?
16315- As in Iraq, the conflict could provoke large-scale bloodletting.
16316- At the same time, cooler heads will struggle to postpone a potentially divisive 2007 referendum on the final status of the oil-rich city of Kirkuk.
16317- At least for now, engaging China in the global fight against terrorism is in America's interest.
16318- But I argued that this was irrelevant: making up the states' shortfall would cost the government nothing if the optimists turned out to be right, but it would be just the right medicine if pessimists like me were correct.
16319- Moreover, Hezbollah and its friends present themselves as absolute victors no matter what happens. And millions of Arabs and Muslims, given regime and media propaganda, believe them.
16320- The war party appears to be trying to whip up American public opinion in support of a wider conflict.
16321- Moreover, terrorism is an abstraction that lumps together all political movements that use terrorist tactics.
16322- If, on the contrary, the Atlantic partnership disintegrates into rivalry or hostility, the world will become more dangerous.
16323- With clear and predictable communication of this sort, the risk that the Fed would be unable to free the US economy from a deflationary slump is much lower - and so is the risk that it would ever have to fight that battle.
16324- Rents disappear, and think of the effects of airline deregulation on pilots' salaries.
16325- Nor did Arafat leave in place any institutional mechanisms for doing so.
16326- An Inequality Tax
16327- The result was the manufacture of unconvincing political myths, as artificial as the countries they mythologize, which all-too-often cannot command genuine patriotic allegiance from their citizenry.
16328- While awed by American hardware, some PLA brass are convinced that if Saddam Hussein had been a better commander, the battle for Baghdad could have been, to quote Zhang Zhaozhong of the Chinese National Defense University, ``George Bush's Stalingrad.''
16329- History is not an idyll and politicians' biographies do not read like the lives of the saints.
16330- Just thirty years ago, people like Stanford University's Paul Ehrlich were telling us that the Malthusian Angel of Death was at the door.
16331- Russia's national revival and new assertiveness under President Vladimir Putin is not really home made but reflects highly auspicious international conditions.
16332- The Stability Pact is too crude and technocratic: a 3% deficit target enforced by Brussels bureaucrats cannot bind real-life politicians.
16333- But information is never perfect.
16334- The world's business press has roundly condemned the authorities' behavior, especially the impounding of Yukos shares worth many times more than possible state claims, which smacks of expropriation.
16335- It was these interactions, rather than the individual on his or her own, that created value and set in motion a dynamic process.
16336- So, as Al Jazeera moves into media adolescence, it must begin to think about how it can become a social pioneer in the Arab and Islamic world.
16337- But it is patently absurd to charge that misguided IMF policy advice is the main reason why debt-crisis countries face austerity.
16338- What (if anything) will transpire in Agra?
16339- The report proposes an agenda whose cost would be equivalent to just 1% of annual consumption, but would save the world risk equivalent costs that are five times greater.
16340- The United States causes half the total shortfall.
16341- This does not necessarily imply that Italian authorities were bad or inept, only that the rules governing monetary and fiscal policymaking in Europe before the EMU were no longer appropriate for the highly fluent capital markets that had developed over the previous two decades.
16342- The Globalization of Old Age
16343- He enjoys taunting the West with the past that he denies.
16344- Today, unemployment is the highest it has been since 1994, at 6.2%
16345- It leans towards good or evil, and four main perspectives powerfully shape every historical account: the benefactor or his beneficiary, and the malefactor or his victim.
16346- Without the peace and stability that this assured in Germany - the largest linguistic nation west of Russia - it is difficult to imagine today's peace and stability in Europe as a whole.
16347- The Chinese have grasped the hidden key to Japan's success in the 1970s and 1980s.
16348- Besides, a short, victorious war might help stem the revolutionary tide threatening the Romanov dynasty.
16349- The administration seems bent on herding adversaries together -- transforming Samuel Huntington's "clash-of-civilizations" dystopia into a self-fulfilling prophecy.
16350- (As the old adage has it, banks only like to lend to those who do not need money.)
16351- Japan has relied entirely on the US for its security needs for over fifty years and the Japanese government essentially believes that it has no option but to agree with the US or to keep silent.
16352- Fraudulent public expenditure cost 2.4% of GDP, siphoning off privatization proceeds amounted to almost 2.1% of GDP, and smuggling caused losses of more than 1.1% of GDP.
16353- In many ways, the metaphor of empire is seductive.
16354- As a result, the West's strategic choices appear inherently anti-Islamic to countless of its young Muslims.
16355- Their peoples had to face half a century of occupation because of a deal struck before the war's onset by Hitler and Stalin, the so-called Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact of 1939 that divided Eastern Europe between Nazi-Germany and the Soviet Union.
16356- How do we explain this resurgent radicalism, which seems to ignore European and international political realities?
16357- Spain's Felipe González and Britain's Tony Blair both made that journey.
16358- Despite the fragile ceasefire in Lebanon, the risks of a widening war in the Middle East remain.
16359- It might also help push the rest of the world into moving away from its reliance on America as the sole engine of growth.
16360- The connection between R&D and growth is too obvious to doubt that Europe's sluggish economies are a direct result of European backwardness at innovation - and that this in turn may reflect the absence of critical military spending to drive investments in research and development.
16361- 1.6
16362- Moreover, opinion polls in France are fickle omens.
16363- We saw relief workers throw packets of food and clothes from the top of trucks, causing a riot.
16364- Nor is our fear limited to oil.
16365- Some Chinese analysts, for their part, recognize the danger in stimulating too much nationalism toward Japan.
16366- We have but one planet, and should treasure it.
16367- A female bus passenger kept the explosives covered with an acid-dipped cloth to prevent inspection sniffing dogs from sensing it.
16368- It is surprising that while the Italian government is busy redesigning the regulatory and supervisory structure of the country's financial institutions and financial markets, nothing is being said about independent directors and accounting firms.
16369- This complex organ is composed of molecules that interact using the principles of physics.
16370- Both the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact are gone, and NATO now pursues other objectives than it did during the Cold War -- even desiring partnership with Russia.
16371- But Bergsten is probably wrong about that.
16372- To be sure, sociopathic corporations have populated books and films for more than a century.
16373- To see the folly of these endeavors, let me dissect a number of anti-poppy schemes undertaken in Afghanistan with which I was connected.
16374- A war strategy that deliberately begins the way that most wars end, with a street-fighting defense of the capital city, is certainly original.
16375- But, where Evita's voice was full of the "pathos" of poverty and injustice, of passion and tenderness, Cristina evokes more anger and defiance.
16376- If there was not outright corruption in the $7 billion in contracts awarded to Halliburton, whose former chairman was Vice President Dick Cheney, there was undoubtedly a strong whiff of crony capitalism.
16377- Recent strikes by car workers at General Motors, Renault, Volvo, and Ford factories in Brazil do not augur well.
16378- When the US does so in pursuit of public goods that benefit others as well as Americans, the nature of America's ends may substitute for the means in making US power acceptable in the eyes of others.
16379- Muslim attitudes towards multiculturalism are consequently one-sided.
16380- Consider just a few of the divisions that have come up among NATO allies over the past decades.
16381- Which areas should be applied to every member state, and which should be optional?
16382- If guerillas loyal to Aslan Maskhadov (the man elected president of Chechnya some years ago) or Shamil Basaev (another guerrilla commander) had committed a terrorist act at merely one voting station, the huge turnout of Chechens voluntarily expressing "pro-Russian" sentiments would not have been possible.
16383- Police, prosecutors, and customs officials, even the Kremlin: no one and nothing is immune.
16384- Historical precedents played a part in the Iraq decision, not least because President Bush's national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, cited them often.
16385- We simply haven't learned our lesson.
16386- India's new government is led by a veritable "dream team" of international development.
16387- Uganda's leader, Yoweri Museveni, is vehemently opposed to homosexuality.
16388- By a vote of eight to three, the Court upheld his conviction on charges of racism.
16389- Only last year the two countries commemorated the 50
16390- It is in China's vital national interest to halt North Korea's quest to become another declared nuclear power.
16391- This has to do with another characteristic of the great ideas that define historical periods, namely the fact that they come from the margin of prevailing orthodoxies.
16392- Industrialized nations have developed and made great use of nuclear, solar, wind, and bio-gas, and other renewable energy resources.
16393- We also need to restore basic order in Iraq.
16394- Or if you wish, discovered.
16395- Musharraf defends the military acquisitions, claiming that they are economically efficient, and angrily dismisses criticism as the ranting of unpatriotic Pakistani pseudo-intellectuals.
16396- But early warning means more than ocean sensors and satellites; it also implies directing construction away from disaster-prone areas and prodding private businesses to develop effective safety and evacuation procedures.
16397- Its innovation gave rise to a huge number of new and dynamic companies, forcing IBM to reinvent itself completely in order to compete with them -- just one example of the socially transformative effects of the PC.
16398- So, three decades after the Cultural Revolution ended, the national self-examination that China requires has not yet begun.
16399- Grants and planning must be coordinated, and the consent of Afghanistan's neighboring countries assured.
16400- Would you be happier if you were richer?
16401- If the negotiations should fail, the transatlantic cleavage could once again become glaringly wide.
16402- As lenders, they are also less efficient at monitoring firms than shareholders are.
16403- As population rises, billions of people crowd into Earth's vulnerable areas -- near coastlines battered by storms and rising sea levels, on mountainsides susceptible to landslides and earthquakes, or in water-stressed regions plagued by drought, famine, and disease.
16404- In addition, threats to the Strait of Hormuz would allow Iran to force prices up without any reduction in output.
16405- He stayed, calling himself an "inixile."
16406- As long as the world's (economically) advanced countries maintain this attitude, innovative approaches to financing economic development - and global public goods more generally - need to be tested.
16407- Here is where the revised meaning of Solzhenitsyn's "preservation of the people" comes in.
16408- But the memoirs of these rebellious vanguards of yesteryear highlight only their youthful passion and pure idealism, or their sufferings and those of their parents.
16409- But, while we see inequality and exclusion in club-level football, the opposite is true for competitions between national teams.
16410- Indeed, Iran may already be enriching uranium secretly.
16411- So the first and second parts could be ratified without new negotiations and could form the basis for the new Treaty, so that the Treaty of Nice would still apply; and the debate on the European social model would continue.
16412- I was confident that bioinformatics would enable us to identify all genes merely by sequence inspection.
16413- The simplest explanation for this may be found in Flaubert's words about Don Quixote : "I found my origins in this book, which I knew by heart before I learned how to read."
16414- Where America's productivity growth is coming from is clear.
16415- This is more likely under a Bush administration with better open-market credentials and a more assertive foreign policy than any Democratic alternative.
16416- It is partly self-defense, partly an assertion of the rule of law in difficult circumstances, and partly a constructive effort to redress the causes of frustration.
16417- Lack of jobs can lead to increased frustration and hopelessness on such a scale that ensuing social and political ferment could make tomorrow's world far less stable and secure than that of today.
16418- Can regional economic groupings, such as the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC), help increase trade and bolster growth?
16419- True, countries that have not cleaned up their fiscal act, such as India, must not recklessly plunge ahead with big government projects without counterbalancing reforms to ensure sustainability.
16420- In light of the fact that during the past millennium the EU's members fought countless wars with each other, and that for forty five years a cold war split the continent into two hostile blocs, today's Europe is a success of monumental historical significance.
16421- It is designed to preserve international financial markets, not the stability of emerging economies on the periphery.
16422- Such blights are not imposed by the European Union or by global capital with its transnational corporations, or by evil foreigners.
16423- Jailed years ago for his anti-Kuomintang (KMT) activities, he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party, which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross-Strait relations and in global politics.
16424- A regional political structure will maintain the focus on vital but difficult issues such as immigration.
16425- Because the region was part of both the Soviet Union and the Russian empire, President Vladimir Putin's Kremlin regards it as part of Russia's natural sphere of influence.
16426- Needless to say, a common EU foreign policy should not be anti-American.
16427- It is encouraging to note that Burundi's leaders have so far managed to integrate leaders from the opposition and rebel groups into the country's political and military institutions without dismissing incumbents.
16428- Both past and present have been burdened by the ad hoc nature of relations among the United States, Mexico, and Canada.
16429- Football magnifies the cult of the individual and the glorification of the hero, but it is also a celebration of the cooperative team spirit.
16430- The main question is whether China can escape the pull of this old psychological syndrome -- which kept it preoccupied throughout the twentieth century with debilitating sentiments of weakness, insecurity, and humiliation -- and allow itself to be guided by a new outlook on the world, and even on old enemies.
16431- One important explanation is the much larger racial heterogeneity to be found in the US relative to the more homogeneous Continental Western Europe.
16432- This is the challenge facing much of the democratic world today, not only in France and Europe at large, but also in the US.
16433- Although the most popular politician of the uprising against Milosevic was Vojislav Kostunica, who replaced him as president, it was Djindjic who skillfully coordinated the volatile coalition that opposed the regime.
16434- Europe's Never-Ending Constitution
16435- After the Nationalist government collapsed in 1949, Mao's "New China" emerged.
16436- The inclusion in Part II of the draft on "social rights" - such as the right not to be unjustly dismissed, or the right to receive old-age pensions, unemployment compensation, and health benefits (regardless of cost) - is in no way necessary to the functioning of the whole.
16437- But it is a downright dangerous one when undertaken to benefit one man alone.
16438- Instead, those who argue that the Chinese economy is overheating cite the high rate of investment in plant and equipment and real estate, which reached 43% of GDP in 2004.
16439- The Man Who Made Malaysia
16440- Not only does North Korea show little interest in holding another session of the six-party talks that the Bush administration and the other participants are calling for; it now wants to ban the Japanese from participating.
16441- Building a true democracy (as opposed to simply holding elections) is an enterprise that requires decades or even generations.
16442- Even one of the most studied organisms, E. coli , has an abundance of genes whose function has never been found.
16443- Talk to World Bank and WTO officials, and you will get an earful of inflated claims about the benefits that a successful Doha round would bring.
16444- Emerging Infectious Diseases
16445- People defecating and urinating.
16446- But the idea that these activities can be halted at will is naïve.
16447- Most of China's western provinces are populated with Turkish speaking Muslims, who are deeply affected by what happens beyond the frontier.
16448- Established in June 2001, the SCO includes China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan.
16449- Those who had the chance migrated, first to their homeland's centers of economic progress, then abroad, to countries and places where the new world could be found immediately.
16450- The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, required a strong response.
16451- NGO's played key roles in the disruption of the World Trade Organization summit in 1999, the passage of the Landmines Treaty, and the ratification of the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control in May 2003.
16452- The Muslim reformist tradition - the search for an authentic path that links Islam's traditions to the modern world - has deep roots, stretching back to the middle of the 19th century.
16453- Many of these things are, and will be, expensive.
16454- Now, with signs of a reviving economy, Japan's soft power may increase even more.
16455- So Japan's future prospects ultimately depend on the US abandoning its strong-yen policy.
16456- This explains why, with more than half of his term left, the man who led a popular movement to unseat former President Alberto Fujimori holds a mere 7% popularity rating today - the lowest ranking of any Peruvian leader since 1980, when democracy was re-established.
16457- Although the Bush administration acknowledged that some scientists believe stem cell research could offer new ways of treating diseases that affect 128 million Americans, this prospect evidently did not, in Bush's view, justify destroying human embryos.
16458- What's at issue is the policy conclusion to be drawn from this empirical observation.
16459- It was his constant prodding that helped design and fill the piñata.
16460- Abroad, his main agenda was nakedly xenophobic: No to membership in the Euro, significant disengagement from the European Union, and a harsher policy towards foreign asylum-seekers.
16461- If anything, the war will threaten those supplies by stoking the very radicalism it claims to be fighting.
16462- Sinn estimates that an East German family on welfare can collect four times the average income of a family in Poland and six times the income of a family in Hungary.
16463- But for vertebrate organisms like ourselves, we are still very far away.
16464- But the IAEA has no authority to determine whether or not a country has a nuclear weapons program.
16465- After all, any such strategy must, by definition, ignore local specificities and regional realities.
16466- From the doctor's perspective, diagnostic classifications like the ICD provide the official language to be used in medical records, discussions with patients and their families, and in billing for services.
16467- Ratko Mladic, the Serb commander and war criminal, deported the women and children under the eyes of the UN, while capturing and murdering the men and adolescent boys.
16468- Democracy also requires recognizing the rights of individuals.
16469- For most issues, I suspect that Kosovo and Bosnia are experiencing similar side effects due to their occupations.
16470- Indeed, we often forget that both Adam Smith and Herbert Spencer's reasoning are very similar.
16471- In most countries, such charges would seem like paranoid delusions. Not in Ukraine, where the current prime minister, and Mr Yushchenko's leading rival for president, Viktor Yanukovich, has been twice convicted for violent crimes.
16472- With the Cold War's end, Americans became more interested in budget savings than in investing in soft power.
16473- The fact that recovery does come is noted less than the time spent in hospital.
16474- In short, the Commission's proposals and the follow-up suggestions put forward by some governments have forced open a Pandora's Box.
16475- The IMF has not, however, fully grasped that the conditions were often dangerously misguided, and often dealt with political issues that were beyond its mission.
16476- But what explains today's resurgence of nationalism, when the regime and economy are strong, and all branches of government appear to operate in total unity?
16477- By 1995, the Japanese economy had become so depressed by the overvalued yen ( endaka fukyo ) that the Americans relented and an­nounced a new "strong dollar" policy.
16478- Nor is it likely that Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and others will sit passively while the Persian Shia gain the bomb.
16479- South Korea and Taiwan liberalised substantially in recent years.
16480- During John Paul II's 1999 visit to Poland, he stated explicitly his support for EU integration.
16481- With America's workers producing more in less time, it is no wonder that a wedge is being driven between the (good) output news and the (bad) employment news.
16482- To identify, prevent, and counteract the causes and consequences of work-related stress, we need to monitor job content, working conditions, terms of employment, social relations at work, health, well-being and productivity.
16483- Left-leaning military officers have been on a roll lately.
16484- But for the US, an anti-drug policy designed by nationalist leaders whose countries account for more than half of America's cocaine market hardly inspires confidence.
16485- The vandals had influential protectors.
16486- In global terms, the contrast between what America says and what it does has become glaring.
16487- This is economists' polite code for the message that the US must gradually cut its budget deficit, while other countries -- like China and Japan -- must gradually let the value of the dollar fall and that of their own currencies rise.
16488- The first problem is that European NATO consists of 16 separate countries, 16 separate defense budgets, and 16 separate defense forces.
16489- We will renew Ukraine.
16490- The situation in Russia is far from identical to that which prevailed in, say, Ukraine at the time of last year's "orange" revolution."
16491- Reality has disappointed.
16492- Is "presidentialism" as practiced in Mexico part of the problem?
16493- Oiling Russia's Finances
16494- The choice of Dr. Krueger partly reflects the appointment process itself -- a legacy of the postwar carve-up of the new Bretton Woods international financial institutions.
16495- At the same time, it also embodies the depth of the central government's support for Hong Kong.
16496- Bargaining over the economic surplus is often open-ended, especially if competition is weak.
16497- Saving the World's Fish
16498- Germany, with its history of a strong deutsche mark and very competitive costs, likes the strong euro more than, say, its partners, France and Italy, which have histories of weak domestic currencies and non-competitive export costs.
16499- All these suggestions highlight what might be any secretary general's most important asset: his voice.
16500- Or will they instead increase their imports of manufactured products and food, thus creating jobs in developing countries that might help absorb their surplus labor?
16501- London's Mayor and police chief have jointly warned that terrorist attacks in the city are "inevitable."
16502- China's Green Debt
16503- It is easy to see how terrorism can lead to torture.
16504- In each of these areas -- physics, biochemistry and social science -- the theories are mature and largely uncontroversial.
16505- But, having curried favor with Russia's media, they were unaccustomed to criticism--and rendered helpless when it appeared.
16506- Finally, product labels must reflect negative or equivocal results, not just those that are positive.
16507- The inability to answer this question clearly exorcised and angered both the senior expert and the committee.
16508- All of these reforms demand coordination with NATO.
16509- The proximity of Christmas will provide the ritual with a religious patina.
16510- Coal can also be converted into hydrogen if we choose to go down the road of a hydrogen-based economy, in which hydrogen-powered fuel cells replace the internal combustion engine in automobiles.
16511- The fight against female genital mutilation is not a replay of the West's 'battle of the sexes' circa the 1960s; rather, it is a struggle against the fear of unknown enemies; against fear of change and the opportunities and contexts that arrive in the wake of change.
16512- In the EU, European integration is taken for granted by most political parties in the older member states of the Union, but a sizeable portion of these electorates have doubts about it, and in the EU's candidate countries, the doubts run even stronger.
16513- But, because we are unsure that you are a good Muslim, it is easier to forbid owning songbirds, so that they cannot jeopardize your salvation.
16514- Data obtained from animal experiments show that harmful physiological changes result from the inability of the brain and body to respond to repeated stress with adaptive modifications in structure and function.
16515- As Argentina's crisis worsens, indeed with output possibly collapsing by 10 to 15% this year and with unemployment soaring, the IMF keeps asking for deeper cuts.
16516- In January, there will be elections in Iraq.
16517- At the same time, the atmosphere among Palestinians and their attitude towards Israel must be improved, so that we can have a political environment that supports negotiations.
16518- These French social institutions are designed with a purpose: to protect the French labor market's "insiders."
16519- First, they must accumulate capital, which implies a high savings rate that will help pay for new machines, equipment, and infrastructure.
16520- A policeman grabbed him and took him in.
16521- It is worth keeping in mind what advocates of a Palestinian right of return now prefer to forget: Palestinian Arabs and four Arab members of the UN went to war in 1948 not only against Israel, but against international legitimacy and the UN plan for a two-state solution.
16522- The outcome of any public discussion can never be known with certainty, but chances are that it will amplify stories that imply risks of higher oil prices.
16523- The results indicate that the ECB's monetary policy decisions are consistent with the regional bias hypothesis.
16524- Once a group of people is viewed as disgusting, attention shifts away from them as moral individuals.
16525- Unlike Britain, imperialism has never been a comfortable experience for Americans, and only a small share of its military occupations led directly to the establishment of democracies.
16526- Across Europe, there is a remarkable degree of homogeneity-even if on some borderline issues such as religious headgear in schools or crucifixes, different EU member states balance differently the delicate line between freedom of religion and freedom from religion.
16527- Brazil still faces huge challenges.
16528- In the aftermath of September 11
16529- Although the EU's eastward enlargement has not yet happened, the debate is already shifting to ask what will follow: when should the new, predominantly postcommunist, members adopt the euro?
16530- The US economy is about twice the size of China's; if it grows by only 2% annually, and China's economy grows by 6%, they could reach parity sometime after 2025.
16531- Opinion polls continue to give President Lukashenko a significant lead, one brought about in large degree by various forms of state interference and intimidation.
16532- UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, in his report in advance of the UN summit of world leaders in September 2005, has called on all donor countries to reach at least 0.5% of GNP in aid by 2009, and 0.7% by 2015.
16533- At the same time, South Korea will reduce the amount of fertiliser it provides for rice planting from 300,000 tons to 200,000 tons.
16534- Of course, neoconservative critics of the high court will see in this explanation the confirmation of their worst fears.
16535- When I visited Cuba in 2001 with a group of students reporting on the island, one of them, Ezequiel Minaya, spent his days talking to Rivero and other writers.
16536- China has much to gain by avoiding such a strategy.
16537- Meaningful public engagement with the court requires an underlying environment that fosters -- not punishes -- the free expression of ideas.
16538- Turkey's 9/11
16539- Although some characteristics of TB therapy, such as interruption of treatment, are well known predictors of multi-drug resistance, other aspects of treatment that reflect the health-care system, such as the drugs used and the length of therapy, must be studied to help improve control programmes.
16540- The al-Saud will undoubtedly be ruthless in seeking out the individuals directly implicated in the terrorist bombings.
16541- Saddam also assigned his deputy Izzat Ibrahim to lead a so-called "faith drive." The campaign was designed to serve several purposes, including the suppression of any free, secular thinking.
16542- But if these allegations are true, no one has told the Dutch.
16543- It is as if they were combining the Arab/Islamic world's culture of humiliation and Asia's culture of hope.
16544- The terrorism of Turkey's Kurdish separatists had, in the past, caused great strife, due to numerous mistakes made in assessing and addressing the source of the problem.
16545- 0.4
16546- Islamic terminology has been established to describe these differences.
16547- · Support democratic transition. Incumbent leaders must have the proper incentives to initiate gradual processes of reform.
16548- It is important to note that since 2001, the US has probably done more things, with more nations, in more constructive ways, and in more parts of the world, than at any other time in its history.
16549- To proceed otherwise would discount the most important question: the reliability of Russia as an energy supplier.
16550- The escalating violence in Iraq gives a bleak impression of that country's prospects.
16551- If it is numbers Saddam wants, he can get them from the "Fedayeen Saddam," which contains 15,000 men recruited from trusted tribes. For really big numbers, there is the Jaysh al-Sha'abi Popular Army, a party militia with 150,000 men and women in Baghdad alone.
16552- Long-term interest rates could be pushed significantly lower if the Federal Reserve were to undertake the unprecedented step of mammoth purchases of long-term government bonds.
16553- The question is not just whether he and his ex-KGB cronies muzzle the media and jail their opponents.
16554- No surprise, then, that bosses who couldn't legitimately show the market strong profits cooked the books, often with the help of their supposedly independent accountants.
16555- That step-by-step approach ground to a halt with the defeat of the European Constitution.
16556- Cultural divisions are also more intense.
16557- Bill Clinton's wife could run for president in 2008, and Cristina could do the same in 2007, if her husband doesn't pursue re-election, or in 2011, if he does, according to government officials.
16558- For a decade, a war with the breakaway region of Abkhazia has smoldered.
16559- It's a mistake.
16560- Summit communiqués have become modest if wordy affairs.
16561- How will communications infrastructure be rebuilt?
16562- Sharply rising health-care costs will probably confront governments throughout the developed world with the biggest economic policy issues they will face over the next two generations.
16563- But the debate is now being distorted by a secondary struggle between the EU's large and small countries, with results that are sometimes paradoxical.
16564- The monopoly on the use of violence exercised by democratic states must be preserved, which may involve expelling non-citizens who choose violence or advocate its use, and the detention of citizens who have practiced or threatened it.
16565- Better to keep socking away US Treasury bills, even if the return is far lower than on most other investments.
16566- Whichever way the vote goes, Venezuela will have shown the region that democracy can work, which is a milestone in a Latin America too often shaken in the recent past by military coups, foreign intervention, and civil wars.
16567- Not all struggles for national liberation turn to deliberate killing of innocents.
16568- Indeed, the tendency towards superficiality in coverage of economic issues may have led campaign managers to believe that the press will so distort their message that they dare not even try to set out what they regard as the true rationales for their economic policies.
16569- In a profound way, they are all deeply conservative.
16570- The Nobelists' point is that, as far as therapeutic cloning is concerned, rather than attempting global prohibition, it would be much wiser, and possibly more effective, to promote an international regulatory regime through ample legalization of stem cell research.
16571- The incentives to make use of the new directive will be especially strong for East Europeans.
16572- That may sound extreme, but some scholars, such as the 2004 Nobel Prize winner Ed Prescott, have shown that, historically, holding a large diversified portfolio of stocks long enough is generally a far better investment than ultra-safe US Treasury bonds.
16573- They often now live in homes where 25 people live in a space of 40 square meters.
16574- Indeed, Free to Choose -- later the basis of a popular television series that he hosted -- was published illegally in Poland in the 1980's, helping to inspire me, and many others, to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule.
16575- The same is true of the skyline.
16576- Europe's Stability Pact - which underpins the euro by setting fixed constraints on the size of budget deficits for euro members - is in trouble.
16577- Don't Blame The Euro
16578- Whatever Happened to Wage Insurance?
16579- This suggests an important advantage of the euro for Germany, where misplaced nostalgia for the deutsche mark -- no doubt aided by the steady invective against the common currency by government officials -- is growing.
16580- If the government can influence 16 of the 30 functional votes, it can thwart proposals from the directly elected legislators.
16581- There was only one change of dynasty in China between 1368 and the end of the imperial era in 1911.
16582- Desperate to capture some of the star power of the rock star-driven campaign to reduce poor countries' debt, the leaders agreed to forgive Third World debt that no one ever expected to be repaid.
16583- If bankers know in advance that insolvent banks will be closed, and that lobbying to keep them open will not work, they will take fewer risks and the likelihood of their activities giving rise to a full-blown banking crisis will be reduced.
16584- President Bush has fired and replaced his Treasury Secretary and chief economic advisor.
16585- This is unfair.
16586- In a meeting with Evo Morales, he spoke of a joint agenda to discuss the issue with US officials.
16587- After all, wasn't America dysfunctional in the early 1980s only to boom in the 90s after curing its ills?
16588- Let's hope that when the last whistle blows at the final in Berlin on July 9, we Germans retain as much of this positive spirit as possible.
16589- In Russia, however, a couple of thousand shining LukOil stations are not threats but are, instead, harbingers.
16590- But there is another explanation for Lula's tragedy.
16591- In today's hyper-competitive global economy, there is no reliable "third way" for countries to avoid continued liberalization and market-oriented reforms.
16592- Privatization has been the leitmotif in economic policy in recent years, but in politics the privatization of war is terrorism.
16593- But this is impossible without a clear European identity -- and thus a common interest to be asserted and defended.
16594- Throughout the rich world, institutions that raise the costs to shareholders of turning over control to professional managers play a powerful role in determining outcomes.
16595- To overcome the SGP's bias against structural reforms, the European Commission asked at this last Ecofin meeting for more discretion and to put more emphasis on (explicit) debt: countries with a lower debt-to-GDP ratio would have greater freedom in fiscal policy.
16596- The Thirty Years War, fought over religion, laid waste to the Continent, killing one-third of Germany's population.
16597- Kerry has never shown much interest in the region, while Bush has largely ignored it since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
16598- In addition, the itineraries used by the export convoys are no longer limited to the infamous "golden route" through Pakistan and Iran, but have multiplied, employing exit points in former Soviet Republics such as Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan.
16599- The rule of law that Shevardnadze promised existed merely on paper.
16600- Secretary Rice made this plain during her March visit, stressing the importance of a strategic relationship, including a willingness to consider trade in high technology, nuclear energy, and co-production of fighter aircraft such as F-16's and F-18's.
16601- A global externality can best be dealt with by a globally agreed tax rate.
16602- This would help reframe public thinking, which is all a government really needs to do.
16603- Russia is generating it, but the process will take time.
16604- If not half, one-third, or one-tenth -- 50 million -- die….but you can't blame me when people die."
16605- In the end, the income from privatization delivered little in the way of better infrastructure or more competitive exports.
16606- Regardless of its effectiveness, the armed struggle waged by the PLO did empower the Palestinians and internalize a sense of collective dignity and self respect within them.
16607- The young representatives understand that these issues are manifestly interlinked.
16608- As the late US Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis said, government must remain the "omnipresent teacher" of our highest ideals.
16609- The government recently called for more balanced development, even proposing a "green index" to measure growth.
16610- As long as such a "one-pillar-approach" is unavailable, there is no convincing reason why the ECB should change a strategy which has served it well and allowed it to establish a remarkable track record.
16611- The point of asking such questions is to remind ourselves that genuine constitutional politics requires serious thought and careful preparation.
16612- Science, however, has always given a resounding "no" to the question "Does life have a higher meaning?"
16613- So we gave a press conference -- all the opposition parties together -- the day before the vote, demanding that the government release our party workers and allow people to vote freely.
16614- The past ten years saw industries and social security privatized and international trade liberalized. A chronic budget deficit was brought under control, infrastructure upgraded, and the banking sector strengthened.
16615- Some hawks might welcome the destabilisation of Saudi Arabia.
16616- "Let's make the poor pay" is his fiscal order of the day.
16617- Must terrorism's victims be civilians?
16618- In the relationship between Israel and Iraq, Saddam Hussein's lobbing of scud missiles at Tel Aviv in 1991 has relevance in judging the dictator's current intentions toward Israel.
16619- Larger projects, such as the Greater Middle East initiative, are much less sustainable than targeted initiatives and are more susceptible to the exigencies of electoral campaigns.
16620- So, at least in these three countries, the rise of post-fascist tendencies, nationalism, and political extremism may not be temporary, as in Central Europe, or remain the marginal phenomena witnessed recently in Western Europe.
16621- For these companies, sales to the "rest of Europe," which represented an average of less than 30% of total European sales in 1997, rose above 43% in 2005.
16622- Transparency of this kind is needed if Japan is to make a stronger contribution to world affairs and help prevent the 21
16623- After all, a future US military base in Uzbekistan won't seem nearly as troubling to Russian policy-elites if Moscow itself is preparing for eventual NATO membership, an idea which once seemd fanciful but which has become a subject for serious debate and discussion in recent weeks.
16624- If a gnawing sense of ignorance kept us diving deeper in our quest to understand everything we encountered, we might suffocate in the details in one area and miss other areas completely.
16625- Prohibition created a pretext for authoritarian regimes to resist the abolition of death penalty; yet even states that execute people for drug-related crimes have not been able to stem the tide.
16626- But enforcement of this compromise against extremists will require putting credible and well-armed international peacekeepers in place to hold the parties to the deal.
16627- Consumers who own stocks feel richer, so they buy more. These same consumers borrow money on the basis of their stock market wealth, in order to buy new homes, cars, and other expensive items.
16628- Surpluses are applied to repaying debt, and borrowing finances deficits.
16629- New Model China
16630- But, in the longer term, the slow, steady progress of democratization can provide a sense of hope for moderates, creating a plausible vision of a better future -- the essence of soft power -- that undercuts the message of hate and violence promoted by the extremists.
16631- Reformers within the government not only capitulated to the backsliding, but actively contributed to it.
16632- Imagine how American managers would react to consultants arriving from Ghana with their "best practice": "It worked in Accra, so it is bound to work in New York!"
16633- Balancing regional and hemispheric integration will likely be the second harsh test President Lula will face.
16634- Rather, it must be the product of the widest possible consensus on a critical threat assessment.
16635- LONDON: Judged by its outcome, Britain's general election lacked suspense and surprise. Throughout its four years in power, Tony Blair's New Labour government enjoyed a large and steady lead in opinion polls.
16636- Such behavior is so odious because it brings little allocative benefit -- no significant increase in supply in the short run -- and carries a huge distributive cost, as those with resources take advantage of those without.  
16637- This year, the international community must move decisively from pledges to action in the effort to reduce poverty.
16638- More ominously, the willingness of foreign central banks to lend to the US also looks likely to end.
16639- This means that for the first three years of a presidency brought to power amidst great popular demands, López Obrador would be able to enact little reform legislation.
16640- After all, nobody accepts Israel's claim to oppose as a matter of principle the establishment of a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza.
16641- The war in Iraq is over.
16642- Colombia's government has gone as far as it can, in the face of much criticism from its own supporters, in not insisting on immediate disarmament or surrender, but instead offering a cease-fire and the rebels the possibility of reintegration into civil society under international observation.
16643- But their governments seem to be taking advantage of the bonanza to pay off pending external debt and increase their foreign reserves.
16644- The Mansehra to Balakot road, finally forced open by huge army bulldozers, is now lined with relief trucks bursting with supplies that were donated by people from across the country.
16645- Nor can it exercise its traditional functions in the religious sphere to provide support to civil society in the country.
16646- In a world of volatile exchange rates, pegging a currency to one like the dollar is highly risky.
16647- These two scenarios of the origins of economic nationalism, one irrational and the other not, are not real alternatives, but describe responses that intertwine: the more rational the fear, the more that fear can be used as an instrument of politics.
16648- Xenophobia is a sign of education gone wrong - an expression of narrow-mindedness and the inability to put oneself in the position of others.
16649- This proximity offers the prospect of friction or, if Europe seizes the moment, the most promising of possibilities for economic growth.
16650- If, for example, America offers support to Iranian students who are genuinely striving for greater freedom, they are now more likely to be endangered by US support, as the regime's hardliners are strengthened.
16651- Deviant individuals and groups exist in all human societies, and they are now empowered in ways that were once unthinkable.
16652- "It is the violence that keeps us here," he said.
16653- And when, after the collapse of communism, the end of history seemed near, ideological politics was thought to have vanished forever.
16654- But that too is risky.
16655- Democrats, for their part, pretended that the tax cuts had already harmed the economy, when they ought to know that the greatest damage is still to come.
16656- So far as we know, its leaders have kept their word.
16657- Something had to give.
16658- It is hard to guess in advance the consequences of such a failure.
16659- In the long run, Afghanistan has resources that can be exploited.
16660- The Global Fund is not perfect; as with all new organizations, it is experiencing growing pains.
16661- But the reality is that some EU members are "more equal" than others, and the Union's more powerful members invariably resent external constraints.
16662- Every winter, millions of people around the world suffering from flu-like illnesses visit their doctor.
16663- For a United Nations official to discuss reform of the international system is rather like an Englishman talking about the weather: it is a staple of daily conversation, but it always seems that real change remains just over the horizon.
16664- Commercial ventures came to be regularly treated as corporations only in the 19
16665- One bomb hit the home of the Hamoodi family, a respected, educated family, none of whose members belonged to the ruling Baath Party.
16666- What is worth the risk of alienating the world's second largest economy and one of China's most important trade partners?
16667- Gil Cedillo, a California state senator who has been trying to reverse earlier legislation that in 1994 made it illegal for undocumented workers in California to drive, wrote in a recent policy paper, "While the number of immigrant drivers may be minimally reduced, most simply drive without being trained, tested, licensed, and insured."
16668- Even today, the US blocks aid for Haiti because some right-wing US Congressmen are intent on toppling President Aristide, whom they abhor.
16669- People were afraid of malevolent computer viruses that would sweep the world and destroy information and programs in the space of a few hours.
16670- For the terrorist vision of Islam is a perversion of it.
16671- They lined up in large numbers, peacefully cast their ballots, and resoundingly rejected a flawed constitution that had been hastily forced upon them.
16672- The multilateral trading system has faced challenges before, including during the Uruguay Round in the early 1990's, and has emerged with renewed vigor.
16673- During the past decade -- particularly since the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States -- Westerners have generally considered international terrorism to be the most urgent threat to human security.
16674- It is argued across the continent that a more flexible exchange rate for the Yuan will reduce China's unfair advantage in international markets.
16675- The fact that a large black underclass remains -- something the recent floods in New Orleans revealed in a horrifically dramatic way -- is mainly the result of failing school systems.
16676- He deserves Europe's unequivocal gratitude for launching the ECB so successfully.
16677- All of this tells us three things about democracy.
16678- September 11, 2002
16679- The Assembly sought to fill this policy vacuum by outlining steps that her government must take to jump-start the economy.
16680- But when it comes to the preamble, the EU Constitution should reflect European heterogeneity.
16681- Small wonder, then, that the water in 75% of China's rivers is undrinkable, that the country is home to seven of the world's most polluted cities, and that one can often live in Beijing or Shanghai for weeks without ever seeing the sun.
16682- At stake was no longer a higher rate of inflation, but de facto exclusion from the single European market.
16683- Too much time has been wasted already.
16684- Officials can take two obvious steps to avoid it altogether.
16685- In the past, intentionally hastening the death of any person was always a crime, no matter the circumstances.
16686- They are part of a strange paradox, one that is ubiquitous in the developing world: in villages in Africa, young people can buy Coca-Cola, but they have no clean water.
16687- He became known as "The Peasants' Tsar," though he didn't tolerate any opposition thinking contrary to his own.
16688- But a call from Prime Minister Persson was enough to render the Conservative party leader Fredrik Reinfeldt docile.
16689- The two were inseparable.
16690- There are many more such stories of innocent lives being lost in the war in Afghanistan.
16691- Naturally, Chirac immediately reaffirmed his faith in the French economic model.
16692- It has no reason to intervene.
16693- In terms of population, GDP, commercial and diplomatic outreach, culture, and military clout, these countries indisputably form Europe's core.
16694- But opportunity is just that. Middle East history is replete with examples of missed and lost chances to make peace.
16695- Within today's booming world economy, most developing countries have been growing rapidly.
16696- But, because Russia's presidency is so powerful, the Duma is largely a squabbling-shop and a fixer's paradise.
16697- The violence in France, fueled by staggering unemployment and ruthless policing, reflects the utter failure of the French model of social integration.
16698- Sarkozy is philosophically a conservative, but an ultra-liberal on economic issues, making him totally foreign to the Gaullist tradition.
16699- He was an indefatigable traveller, speaker, and writer, and a frequent columnist.
16700- We are not seeking ostentatious posts and cheap popularity. We do not desire artificial recognition or flattering awards.
16701- We will focus much more on combating terrorism together.
16702- Facing Nature's Fury
16703- After all, corporations don't have a conscience; it is only the conscience of those who run the corporation, and as America's recent corporate scandals have made all too clear, conscience often takes a backseat to profits.
16704- Until recently, IMF rescue programs were designed to enable debtor countries to meet their obligations.
16705- Roughly 40,000 Saudis are expected to compete for 1,700 seats in 178 municipal councils.
16706- All this is perfectly true.
16707- For the criminal/terrorist heart of the supposedly disbanded Kosovo Liberation Army continues to fortify its power and to expand into Macedonia, Southern Serbia and Montenegro.
16708- The priority in fighting terrorism should be police and intelligence service cooperation, which produces much faster results and limits the capacity of extremists to mobilize.
16709- What is it about the experience of the West's rising generation of Muslims that leads a small minority to see violence as a solution to their economic and political dilemmas, and suicide as their reward and salvation?
16710- Nevertheless, pointing out others' mistakes is not going to help rehabilitate Germany's position.
16711- So far, however, the NDP has missed every opportunity imaginable to gain popular support by proposing a reform program designed to bring real increases in public participation.
16712- Consider the grim statistics recently released by the Supreme People's Procuratorate (SPP). More than 42,000 government officials on average were investigated for corruption every year from 2002 to 2005, with more than 30,000 per year facing criminal charges.
16713- But a 2001 internal report from the Ministry of Public Security disclosed that the numbers "began a rise like a violent wind" from 1997, the year of the Communist Party's Fifteenth Congress, which pressed for factory firings in the name of "efficiency."
16714- Whether they will fight after heavy bombing depends on the success of the air campaign.
16715- Hamas knows this, and thus is focusing its attention on the Gaza disengagement, seeking to exploit this victory by demanding a share in the post-disengagement order.
16716- If burdens are to be shared, decisions must be shared as well.
16717- The "soft" issues of environment and climate will become the hard and strategic issues of the twenty-first century.
16718- A critical test awaits in how the US handles post-war Iraq.
16719- But the majority of experts agree that the world will not run out of oil anytime soon -- even with growing Chinese and Indian demand.
16720- Even Marx knew that the iron laws of economics could not be overcome by wishful thinking.
16721- Although the restaurant interior had completely changed since then, its decorative themes remained the same.
16722- These are not space-age technologies, but staple goods that the world needs.
16723- If Russians are stunned by the outcome of the Chechen referendum, so too is the international community.
16724- If we are not serious about upgrading our industrial structure, we will fail when it comes time to fulfill our commitments to cut emissions.
16725- Amazing as this turn of events seems, it has been long in the making.
16726- The second factor that could push US interest rates sharply upward is not fear of a decline in the future value of the dollar, but the fact of a past decline in its value.
16727- I believe that in most countries, the era of sleep therapy will come to an early end.
16728- These families have lost everything but the tattered clothes on their backs.
16729- The message here is clear: Europe must hope that the dollar stays strong because, without domestic dynamism, the cheap euro is Europe's only growth ticket.
16730- During the last three years, Latin America has experienced an economic boom without precedent.
16731- Moreover, the annual interest charged on the extra $1 trillion per year that Americans borrow from the rest of the world is about $50 billion -- just one-eighth of annual economic growth, while the trade deficit is financed out of the growth of the value of capital.
16732- Bush's new budget also includes an increase in funding for public diplomacy.
16733- Between 1800 and 1950 Europe's population increased by 269%, from 203 million to 547 million, as the continent experienced extraordinary economic change, social upheaval, and political turmoil.
16734- No.
16735- Persson had discovered that he lacked a majority in the Swedish parliament to lift the arms embargo on China. By whispering "Ericsson" into Reinfeldt's ear, it seems, Persson achieved the desired result.
16736- Many foreign companies, intent on cashing in, fuel the pathology of corrupt regimes by peddling in bribes and political protection.
16737- Indeed, the longer it takes to put a strategic communications framework into place, the more the vacuum will be filled by the enemy.
16738- The basic idea of sovereignty, which still provides a useful constraint on violence between states, needs to be preserved.
16739- Democratization of technology enables instruments of mass destruction to become smaller, less costly, and more readily available.
16740- The early industrial-era economic accomplishments occurred despite the loss of a substantial proportion of national income to support a corrupt, decadent, and profligate aristocracy.
16741- In some ways, the country simply ignored their past and moved forward.
16742- The correct answer to the latter question -- as the IMF suggests -- may be the Ministry of Finance: the only sure way for Russia to reduce inflation and sustain growth is to maintain a sound fiscal policy.
16743- Among the hoped-for effects of the Euro's physical arrival are an increased transparency of the differences in retail prices between different EMU countries, and a subsequent pressure to equalize these prices.
16744- At the same time, the material brought back from land to sea include nutrients and trace elements that cause a boom among plankton, which in turn feed other marine biota.
16745- The economists Ronald Schettkat and Richard Freeman have calculated that American women spend ten hours per week less on cooking, cleaning, and childcare than European women do.
16746- By excising from the draft Constitution the prospect of a welfare state run by judges, its framers will increase the chances that Britain and other doubters will, in the end, ratify the final product.
16747- 
16748- Darwin himself was much influenced by Christian ideas, especially where we least expect it: in his belief in natural selection--the bane of the Church--as evolution's motive force.
16749- Making matters worse, while we discarded the finer elements of our traditional culture, we failed to absorb the better aspects of modern civilization.
16750- Although this represents a small fraction of the effort needed from industrialized countries to fulfill the Kyoto Protocol's goals by 2012, it would help significantly in improving forest and land use in Africa.
16751- Judged on those terms, the best that can be said for the Euro is that the jury remains out.
16752- "You do not have to be a child to defend the rights of children."
16753- The operation's success was no accident.
16754- The consequences were apparent in the school hostage drama in Beslan in North Ossetia.
16755- In short, we simply shouldn't read too much into the decline in real long-term interest rates over the last 20 years.
16756- Less certain is whether he will feel secure enough to hold a presidential election (or any other kind of election) if he cannot change the constitution in a way that guarantees his continued misrule.
16757- Few can doubt the influence that oil interests have on President Bush--witness the administration's energy policy, with its emphasis on expanding oil production rather than conservation.
16758- Projections for 2004 indicate that faster growth is likely to continue, or even accelerate further, for the next two or three years.
16759- The populist nationalists, because they reject these fundamentals, are the unremitting political antagonists of all liberals.
16760- China, too, believes that if advocates of "regime change" do not push North Korea too hard, a strategy can be pursued that is based on slow evolution rather than a precipitous break--and a possible violent breakdown.
16761- Egypt's Kifaya Movement has raised the ante in its opposition to President Hosni Mubarak's regime by issuing a massive report that dares to name names and detail corruption among the country's leaders.
16762- Only a shift in strategic focus would be needed to anchor monetary policy with a long-run target range for low inflation.
16763- Factory farming is passing far bigger costs -- and risks -- on to all of us.
16764- Investor, beware!
16765- So what will happen when Russia's political class and the President himself discover that "bureaucratic authoritarianism" is not the recipe for modernization à la South Korea that they hoped for?
16766- Because our societies have no sense of limits, they strive to eliminate death from our consciousness.
16767- Reforms aimed at deregulating financial markets should be the priority.
16768- Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men?
16769- -4.5
16770- If the West is perceived to be attempting to maintain the leadership it snatched 200 years ago by industrializing first, thereby denying the post-Confucians the fruits of their dynamism permanently, the Chinese, in particular, will conclude that pluralism is eyewash and that the West's worldview in fact replicates their traditional one.
16771- At their meeting in Scheveningen, the Netherlands, the EU's economic ministers (Ecofin) once again confronted the need to reform the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP).
16772- In addition, some member governments, like those of Germany and Austria, have demonstrated serious anxiety that EU enlargement will incite a flood of job-seekers from Central and Eastern Europe, and made clear that they will demand a long delay in granting free movement of labour to any new member state.
16773- But, if a dysfunctional culture of leadership has put a similar agenda of unity and social progress out of reach for sub-Saharan Africa, so have the IMF and the World Bank.
16774- In 2003, German, Italian, British, and American authorities confiscated nuclear equipment bound for Tripoli, leading to Libya's decision to open its weapons inventories to inspectors.
16775- You can tell Latin Americans or Africans that Asia's unquenchable thirst for natural resources will keep pushing up the prices of their commodity and agricultural exports in perpetuity, turning wheat fields into gold mines. But all their politicians seem to want to worry about is protecting doomed domestic manufacturers against low-wage Asian competition.
16776- Order seems to be the name of the biological game, and evolution leads to more complex organisms and more organized structures.
16777- Preaching privatization and social repression, he has placed himself to the right of the right, hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean-Marie Le Pen's "fascistoid" National Front for the past 20 years.
16778- stock market decline can lead to a full-fledged banking crisis, as occurred in Japan, Mexico, and most recently Argentina.
16779- Later, appeasement legitimized and stabilized Communism in the Soviet Union, then East Germany, then throughout the rest of Eastern Europe, where for decades inhuman, repressive, and murderous governments were glorified.
16780- Despite its reluctance to change, the Saudi royal family is obviously yielding to these multiple pressures from within, from neighbors, and from the wider world, although the extent of change is still nominal and obviously leaves much to be desired.
16781- In many Asian democracies, only institutional reconstruction will prevent a collapse.
16782- The age of the universe and its size measured in light years -- these are things that the purely religiously trained ulamas cannot comprehend.
16783- It is precisely to prevent the development of a collective security fear that we need to alter the equilibrium between security and freedom.
16784- But at least we now have a promising framework for understanding how bizarre experiences in the mind can be linked to abnormal processes in the brain.
16785- The biggest remaining hurdle concerns the political will among today's EU members to set the actual dates for enlargement.
16786- Turkey has been given what looks like an ultimatum from the EU Commission: open your ports for ships from Cyprus within a month, or you may risk a halt to the EU accession talks now underway.
16787- The Forgotten Side of the War on Terrorism
16788- But if owners of oil reserves think that prices will fall in the long run, they gain an incentive to explore for oil and expand production now in order to sell as much oil as possible before the fall.
16789- An investment in local science is therefore a direct infusion into a community's growth potential, one that eventually will reward investors with new breakthroughs.
16790- The opposition seized on the ruling and called on Obasanjo to resign.
16791- The coming accession of ten new members to the EU would be made much simpler were Europe to find its own equally flexible system.
16792- But I fear that change might cause a global economic crisis resulting from, say, an ugly unwinding of extravagant US borrowing trends.
16793- Yet no one thought much about it when American presidents of different faiths swore their oath of office to God and country.
16794- Just as pressures on oil and gas supplies have driven up energy prices, environmental stresses may now push up food and water prices in many parts of the world.
16795- In ten years, only 27 of the ILO's 150 member nations ratified that convention.
16796- If property is not secure -- or even is not perceived as secure -- incentives are distorted.
16797- However, even the most pessimistic forecasts from the UN project that by 2100 the average person in developing countries will be richer than the average person in developed countries is now.
16798- Bad accounting contributed to the recent stock market bubble; bad information led to stock prices that did not reflect underlying realities; and these in turn provided incentives for the excess investment in telecoms that caused today's excess capacity.
16799- In Westminster, every parliamentary sitting begins with Christian prayers presided over by Speakers who could be Christians or Jews or non-believers.
16800- But if drug companies must test new products for their safety and efficacy, why not also for their economic impact on health care?
16801- In other words, in blaming the media for America's problems, Rumsfeld forgot the first rule of marketing: if you have a poor product, not even the best advertising will sell it.
16802- For once, the IMF cannot be accused of inaction.
16803- · humans might react badly to such changes, because changes in monsoon patterns or sea levels and the ensuing economic distress could provoke massive political unrest, refugee movements, and violent conflict.
16804- One danger of the recent setbacks is a halt to EU enlargement.
16805- This was a remarkable admission: through their transition policies, they had managed, in just a few years, to decrease the productive capacity of the world's number two superpower by more than 40%, a devastating outcome greater than that of any war!
16806- Progressives also decried international capitalism's undermining of labor standards.
16807- In this respect, at least, Al Hurra fits perfectly within the tame tradition of Arab state broadcasters.
16808- Sometimes, such as when violence was recently used to quell South Chinese peasants protesting official land grabs, the CCP still shows its willingness to use "boot-on-the-face" suppression.
16809- The ICTY, by contrast, has no capacity of its own to arrest defendants.
16810- The farmer would have taken these little symbols of spring away from their mothers, packed them into trucks, and sent them to slaughter.
16811- While he claims to be pro-Western, he prefers that extraditions of indicted Serb war criminals to the Hague conform to Serbian law.
16812- To blame everything on the heavy-handedness of the Americans is too simplistic and shallow, even if their mistakes have, indeed, been legion.
16813- In short, falling prices worsen the economy's situation in the short run.
16814- Accumulating money up to a certain amount provides a safeguard against lean times, but today it has become an end in itself, a way of measuring one's status or success, and a goal to fall back on when we can think of no other reason for doing anything, but would be bored doing nothing.
16815- The historical parallel here is not, as is often suggested, with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, but with the Marshall Plan, which provided real incentives, not lofty rhetoric and hortatory appeals, for integration and democratic consolidation.
16816- Roma lived in segregated ghettos.
16817- His call to "look East" marked the beginning of an ambitious industrialization policy that culminated, during his 10th year in power, with the Vision 2020 plan to catch up with Western levels of development.
16818- Universality is possible in broader terms as well, because the primary force in human history and world politics is not cultural plurality, but the general progress of modernization, whose institutional expressions are liberal democracy and market-oriented economics.
16819- That revelation has undermined much of the good Putin has achieved in office, for it has made foreign investors wary once again of doing business in Russia.
16820- Of course, the economic prosperity that European unification has delivered undoubtedly lures new members, but the EU's attraction extends far beyond pocketbook issues.
16821- What makes US strategy reckless is that the Bush administration is attacking China at the very moment that America's dependence on Chinese purchases of US government bonds is growing.
16822- On closer scrutiny, what passed as state-of-the-art thinking on economic policy turns out to have been based on some crude rules of thumb.
16823- True, some will say, but that was under the Clinton administration.
16824- Officials also argue that Nigeria's large population relative to other OPEC members, and the urgent need to earn foreign exchange to invest in infrastructure and social services, necessitates preferential treatment.
16825- Much talk will be heard in coming months: the ministerial meeting in Luxembourg, numerous conferences and seminars around the region, and in September a Baltic summit will be held in St. Petersburg at which political and business leaders will discuss what is needed in order to move ahead.
16826- Latin America's stalled and stagnant economies, which embraced the Washington Consensus more than most, stand out as exhibit "A."
16827- Opinion polls, for example, indicate that 50% of Russians support the slogan "Russia for Russians."
16828- Individual scientific disciplines are understood fairly well.
16829- How satisfactory are its results, over and above the sheer number of measures adopted?
16830- The Finnish initiative should be given strong support from all European leaders.
16831- The bloated French public sector, which many see as the employer of last resort, cannot afford its expensive personnel.
16832- So the Kremlin is preparing to mark the event on a scale that Russia has never seen before.
16833- How is the Wassenaar model relevant to Brazil?
16834- Imports of cheap Chinese goods threaten to displace regional production, particularly in labor-intensive manufacturing sectors that are finding it difficult to compete.
16835- Competition is another example.
16836- This sum is, in fact, low by post-WWII standards.
16837- Too many dictatorships have accustomed Romanians with habits of obedience, conformity and irresponsibility.
16838- Both candidates want jobs to be created in ecological services.
16839- As in Asia, there is a pattern at work: growing Chinese influence begets increased support for Chinese policies.
16840- On the contrary, the concept of human dignity must encourage a radical opening towards others.
16841- It is already a market economy and it is certainly located in Europe.
16842- Back then, it was called "Uzbekistan" and was nothing more than an obligatory culinary demonstration of the supposedly unbreakable union of the USSR's fifteen fraternal republics.
16843- The two issues have long been connected, but the main link is now President Bashar Al-Assad's Syria.
16844- The CPA, and the world community, must not prejudice the outcome of their efforts by accepting a facile and bogus view of Iraqi society.
16845- So, unfortunately, even if Europe came to its senses and emerging markets showed greater enthusiasm for liberal trade, we may not see a big global deal until the next decade.
16846- The Economist snidely referred to the "results" in quotation marks.
16847- In this context, the US's inexplicable indifference towards the region is both naïve and dangerous.
16848- The US Constitution, for example, does not prescribe balanced budgets for the states.
16849- Can Regional Integration Save Africa?
16850- Like everyone else, our peasants vote their fears and choose as their representatives the peasant parties who think that political stalemate is the only way to preserve Poland's rural way of life.
16851- That limits the upside of the Euro.
16852- In particular, politicians need to be willing to confront teachers' unions, which have traditionally resisted reforms that introduce competition and accountability.
16853- In 1969, Honduras and Salvador clashed after a qualification game for the World Cup.
16854- Unfortunately, because the discussion has so far been dominated by moral panic over the state of sports, many ethical considerations and important questions have been excluded.
16855- To achieve this, the US would have had to subordinate its power to the goal of shaping the new order, much as it did at the close of World War II in 1945.
16856- In Novgorod I saw LukOil (one of Russia's big private oil companies) petrol stations.
16857- If we believe, as the Catholic Church believes, that human beings bear the burden of original sin, but are perfectible; that human beings can understand what is good and bad and can choose between them because we have free will, then approval of the free market is understandable and not naive.
16858- Perhaps.
16859- The second most serious problem is the looming long-term explosion in the costs of America's health care programs.
16860- But no pan-European statesman has emerged, and no major European institution has even had the courage to provide its own analysis of the current situation, much less propose a strategic scenario for the future.
16861- Elections with universal suffrage, combined with a relatively free press, meant that the succession became a public issue, debated in the media and by academics for months as Sheikh Jaber was dying.
16862- Over 80% of Japanese exports to the US are priced in dollars, in markets where US firms tend to dominate.
16863- In 1947, they refused the UN partition plan, which called for the establishments of two states in British Palestine.
16864- Regional autonomy, moreover, has not pacified ethnic tensions.
16865- Development groups, governments, consumers, and small entrepreneurs need only work out initiatives that embody their common interests with global firms.
16866- Argentina's collapse incited the largest default in history.
16867- The time of American unilateralism is objectively over.
16868- If every American gave $10 per year to this cause, over 1 million Africans could be saved from AIDS death each year, with money left over to fight the disease.
16869- In Indonesia, the decline in fertility rates was about the same.
16870- Nigeria, which is giving Taylor sanctuary, is obliged to turn him over to the Special Court for Sierra Leone, created by the United Nations in 2003 to prosecute those responsible for the bloodletting in West Africa's in the 1990's.
16871- Many religions instruct us that attachment to material possessions makes us unhappy. The Beatles reminded us that money can't buy us love.
16872- Though today's biomedical science claims to search for repairs of nature's defects, too many of its practitioners behave as if their real purpose were only to gain the mythical immortality of precedence, at whatever cost to themselves or others.
16873- For drift breeds decay.
16874- • the number of hours worked in a "normal" week, i.e., with no vacation.
16875- If evidence emerges that Korea has the means to deliver nuclear weapons, then it seems probable that Japan will follow suit and develop its own nuclear capacity, riling South Korea and China.
16876- Now it is out of power.
16877- By contrast, the terror index for Western Europe was 1.1.
16878- From the Middle East to Latin America and Asia, many autocracies are taking gradual steps towards more democratic and accountable forms of government, or have become fully-fledged and well functioning democracies.
16879- -0.2
16880- Yet another psychological barrier is a sort of ego involvement in our own success. Our tendency to take full credit for our successes discourages us from facing up to the possibility of loss or failure, because considering such prospects calls into question our self-satisfaction.
16881- Today, unskilled services remain largely off the agenda.
16882- Since Putin took the reigns of power in 2000 he has become almost everybody's best friend--Belarus's lunatic strongman Aleksander Lukashenko, US President George W. Bush, Germany's Gerhard Schroeder, Japan's Junichiro Koizumi, and China's Jiang Zemin.
16883- Today's bio-diversity crisis is not just one of lost habitats and extinct species.
16884- On the contrary, the system could almost surely be put on a solid footing for the next 75 years with a fraction of what was spent on the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts.
16885- It would be a mistake to believe that the deaths of thousands of civilians, along with arbitrary imprisonment and torture, do not contribute to the spread of terror in Iraq.
16886- The question is, does Bush really mean it, and does he genuinely understand what democracy means?
16887- The next moment Putin balks at removing Russia's military garrison from Moldova's secessionist Transdniester region while prosecutors talk ominously of putting more oligarchs in the dock.
16888- What's the ordinary European to think?
16889- Next year, we will celebrate 60 years of peace across a large part of Europe.
16890- Reducing these fees would, in effect, be a tax cut for the world's poorest.
16891- In January of 2000, following the economic implosion caused by a banking scandal that implicated President Mahuad, and Mahaud's subsequent replacement of the Sucre with the US dollar as Ecuador's currency, CONAIE solidified its role at the heart of Ecuadorian politics.
16892- Finally, China needs a greater diversity of financial products.
16893- Consider, for example, the situation in Darfur, Sudan.
16894- 
16895- A month later, in equal secrecy, Hitler sold Lithuania to Stalin.
16896- But the concept of community is also composed of concrete things. It depends, for example, on whether the environment is nurtured.
16897- Moral relativism has damaged public life.
16898- Refusal to recognize the legitimacy of such strategies caused the collapse of the Multilateral Agreement on Investment in 1998, after three years of negotiations between the OECD countries.
16899- The assassination of the President of Iraq's Governing Council makes it crystal clear that the US is failing to create the minimal law-and-order needed for any sort of orderly transfer of power to take place by June 30th.
16900- This is notably the case where entrenched groups - Kurds, Shiites, Sunnis - compete for central power.
16901- Remarkably, the IMF was slow to learn the lesson.
16902- If the French electorate votes "No," it will be much less a vote against the Constitution than a protest vote against President Jacques Chirac, or an expression of anxiety about the implications of the EU's enlargement to Central Europe.
16903- They look upon economics as an ideological battleground, where all views can be entertained without being confronted with logic, much less with facts.
16904- Bolivia has entered a new era of mass mobilization of its long-suffering but now victorious indigenous communities.
16905- But why would anyone knowingly sell at a loss?
16906- Indeed, the crises in Lebanon and Gaza have brought about a realization that two festering issues -- Arab prisoners in Israel, and Israeli unilateralism -- must be resolved if there is to be any hope of a return to the peace process.
16907- The local influentials, Merton discovered, spoke affectionately of their town, as if it were a unique and special place, and often said they would never leave. The cosmopolitans spoke as if they might leave any day.
16908- The economic outcome of war could well depend on the diplomatic context.
16909- The past decade has seen a three-fold increase in prescriptions.
16910- Finally, the ECB has proposed a reform of the voting mechanism in its Governing Council, introducing a cap on the number of voting members.
16911- Why Shoot Down Ryanair?
16912- The Union has also been a bearer of prosperity, because it is an effective mechanism for lagging members to surmount long-standing barriers to development.
16913- Start with the oil scenario.
16914- Those who blame the IMF see the problem as self-inflicted through profligate and corrupt spending by Argentina.
16915- Japan's growing willingness to flex its muscles overseas is reflected in the changing face of the SDF.
16916- The old movements of the 20th century are largely exhausted: classic conservatism because the world changes too rapidly for conservatism as stasis to be coherent or appealing; classic socialism because the rapidity of change erodes traditional labor positions in exactly the same way.
16917- "There is nothing more inconspicuous than a monument," said the Austrian writer Robert Musil a hundred years ago.
16918- What shall we tell him?
16919- Mexicans generally do not want to go to college abroad because they would miss opportunities to form the necessary bonds with other Mexicans.
16920- The war-party in Washington is gearing up to use the credibility argument in order to force the President's hand.
16921- However, the same factors seem to be working in the same direction for saving in the US, too.
16922- Instead, the extremes seem to be squeezing out the desire for modernization.
16923- Confiscation damages the rule of law on which modern industrial prosperity rests.
16924- A year ago, the dollar bestrode the world like a colossus.
16925- But the Court ruled that, absent a showing of actual racial bias in the minds of testers and administrators -- virtually impossible to prove -- the pervasive reality of racial disadvantage was not unlawful.
16926- After all, every action we perform causes changes in our sensations.
16927- Many policemen and intelligence officers are on the crime bosses' payrolls.
16928- Phelps was behind the modern reworking of the macro economy -- and, according to Samuelson, the micro economy, too.
16929- We expect economic and social matters to be connected.
16930- Yet we nonetheless believed that the opposition, led by the Coalition for Unity and Democracy (CUD), would have room to maneuver and campaign, owing to the government's desire for international legitimacy.
16931- So new risk management institutions need to be devised. They should use markets, rather than state guarantees, and while they should not be mandatory, they must be designed in accordance with humans' psychological limitations, so that people will use them.
16932- Human rights activists in the United States are calling for legislation that would prevent American companies from engaging in business practices that help repressive regimes stifle democratic movements.
16933- The World Bank, for example, has been allocating more of its money to countries with a proven track record in spending money well.
16934- In strategic terms, the waning influence of a paralyzed Europe is also very bad news for America.
16935- But the focus of debate was a €8 million exceptional bonus that he requested after successfully executing a financial operation at the end of his tenure.
16936- Neither the best-armed government nor the richest can long survive unless broad sections of their population accept its rule as legitimate.
16937- The United States is also concerned.
16938- An independent monetary policy requires a flexible exchange rate, not a revaluation.
16939- So the euro should play a larger role in international trade in the future than the sum of the currencies it replaced.
16940- One difficult question is where, exactly, to draw the line that defines the basic status to which all citizens are entitled.
16941- Administration officials should lower the political temperature.
16942- Imagine a bunch of irresponsible Bush-like administrations making fiscal policy, forever.
16943- Today, in a strategic environment marked by terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, Russia is very much part of the solution.
16944- To everyone's astonishment, a Senegalese judge indicted Habré on charges of crimes against humanity and torture, and placed him under house arrest.
16945- This assumption is based on a number of such trades, including 1,150 Arabs, mostly Palestinians, for three Israelis in 1985; 123 Lebanese for the remains of two Israeli soldiers in 1996; and 433 Palestinians and others for an Israeli businessman and the bodies of three soldiers in 2004.
16946- War and chaos in the Middle East or just a moral or political vacuum will directly affect and upset the security of the EU and all its member states.
16947- It does Ahmedinejad no good for Europe to maintain a sense of history that must put it at cross purposes with Iran.
16948- Samuel Huntington did alert us to the danger.
16949- Each government party is afraid of losing votes to its coalition partners, and undermines or blocks whatever the government is trying to do.
16950- Modern economic growth still depends in almost every advanced industrial country on imported energy (Norway is an exception).
16951- The eminent columnist Amin M. Lakhani recently argued in the Dawn , Pakistan's largest-circulation newspaper, that "Pakistan's singular preoccupation with Kashmir...has been self-defeating.
16952- With high - and volatile - oil prices, businesses will focus their investments less on boosting productivity and more on maintaining flexible energy usage. At $40 a barrel, expect oil prices to slow the long-run growth rate of the world's potential output by 0.1% per year.
16953- Second, because reform has not delivered prosperity, the region has grown sick of reform.
16954- Out of the spotlight, countless Muslim scholars and academics have continued to probe the connections between Islamic thought and modern values.
16955- Despite the risk of turmoil, Shevardnadze should be urged to resign.
16956- Throughout the 20'th century Estonia tried to achieve a similar goal but, alas, with practically no beneficial results.
16957- That means that we must make it more likely in the future that people as capable and wise as Robert Rubin will find it attractive to enter public service, and that once there, they will have the power to make a difference.
16958- Yet Prime Minister Gul routinely calls his government "business friendly."
16959- When news of the group's arrival was announced on Chad's radio, former victims began to line up at the courthouse to tell their stories.
16960- The other way the current account deficit could come to an end is if the inflow of capital into America stops.
16961- These strains are not helped by negativism on both sides of the Atlantic.
16962- Stemming the spread of this deadly trio of diseases is the linchpin in the global fight against poverty.
16963- Even UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has warned that the unrestrained tide of globalization might not raise all boats, but only the yachts -- while overturning a lot of canoes.
16964- But it must be done, and soon.
16965- This leaves us with an enduring mystery.
16966- He sees a world in which incredibly tiny self-replicating robots, which he calls "assemblers," will do all the work, guiding chemical reactions by positioning reactive molecules with atomic precision.
16967- In other words, deliberative democracy ­­ -- perhaps our most important safeguard against headstrong and reckless action -- worked at the UN, but not in the US.
16968- And Bush, while of course having no such experience of his own, could retell some of his father's stories when he was the head of the CIA in the 1970's.
16969- Local officials are often considered heroes, not oppressors.
16970- But neither in Britain nor in America is there evidence that the electorate has moved to the right in this way.
16971- A few times each year, the world is reminded that a pandemic threat is immanent.
16972- Because capitalism redistributes aggressively, it is vital that there be trust, transparency and accountability.
16973- We have all been hurt and are convinced that there are people who, having honed their malignant audacity to a sharp point, are now planning to hurt us again.
16974- But while the objective is to "harmonize policies towards economic migrants across the EU," the Paper states at the outset that decisions on this matter should remain solely under the jurisdiction of national governments.
16975- Some have suggested that the trade imbalance is related to China's currency peg to the US dollar.
16976- Yet Europe seems bent on achieving the impossible, to the Continent's detriment.
16977- The fledgling Communist Party and its three Red Armies were driven out of their bases in the South in the early 1930's by Chiang Kaishek's Nationalist government.
16978- Russian society today is diversified and democratic, and its support for Putin is stronger than the grudges Russia's élite hold against him.
16979- That answer must be given carefully.
16980- Annual hours worked in the US are about 1800, about 1500 in France, and 1400 in Germany.
16981- The ricochet effects of the Iraq War have combined to yield a mounting threat to stability and security.
16982- But violence should never be tolerated.
16983- The first reflex of the fundamentalists is to withdraw from the mainstream, to build around themselves a shell that is impervious to any logic other than their own.
16984- Whether denunciations of the detentions at Guantanamo and the planned military tribunals are driven by genuine concerns about human rights or by glee at pointing out American hypocrisy, the effect is the same.
16985- Worse still, we know almost nothing about schizophrenia's causes.
16986- But it will never come close to an absolute majority.
16987- In September 2005, it appeared momentarily that the talks had produced a rough agreement that North Korea would forgo its nuclear program in return for security guarantees and removal of sanctions.
16988- Systems such as the F/A-22 Raptor aircraft and the Army's Future Combat System are extraordinarily expensive.
16989- This is why sitting beside, and even lying on, the deathbed of a statistical life may be more tolerable after all.
16990- But British policy towards the EU has often led to worse rather than better relations among member states.
16991- More generally, discussions about the future of Europe should be permeated by a spirit of solidarity with respect to the states and nations that are not yet members and whose membership is not envisioned in the near future.
16992- A common slogan is that Europe's social model trades less economic growth for more social protection and less risk.
16993- Chinese forensic psychiatry has gone through several phases.
16994- Attempts to legalize a limited form of gay marriage were quashed three times by the local congress of Mexico City, by parties of the left and right alike.
16995- It is also realistic in not even trying to defend Iraq's borders against American air power.
16996- Water-stressed regions like Ethiopia and Sudan can adapt, at least in part, through improved technologies such as "drip irrigation," rainwater harvesting, improved water storage facilities, deep wells, and agro-forestry techniques that make best use of scarce rainfall.
16997- The Cold War was a major factor in relations, influencing not only policy but also perceptions on either side.
16998- The tension between these two forces will drive Russia's political dynamics for the next four years.
16999- In Colombia, everything indicates that President Álvaro Uribe, erroneously labeled a rightist because of his fight against his country's guerrillas, will be re-elected.
17000- But voters have catapulted left-wing politicians to power in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Peru, Venezuela, and Uruguay, while López retains the ability -- and perhaps the will -- to mobilize his supporters.
17001- Close Encounters with Recessions of the Third Kind
17002- They have reason to be proud.
17003- Has our slowness in finding out been due to our difficulties in choosing the right organism to study?
17004- Globalization, well and equitably managed, can benefit all countries.
17005- We enjoy this freedom because of a law that enfranchises all of us, so that we enjoy this freedom together.
17006- Even the stage from which Bachelet spoke was located at almost the same place from which Allende delivered his historic victory speech 36 years ago.
17007- Market participants, knowing this, would realize that inflation would not be sustained.
17008- Other options that the economists favored spending some of their $50 billion include providing micro-nutrients to the world's hungry, establishing free trade, and battling malaria with mosquito nets and medication.
17009- A prudent fiscal stance, pursued while the economy recovered and interest rates fell, created room for big cuts in taxes and social contributions.
17010- Beyond the glamorous skyscrapers of Beijing, Shanghai, and other urban centers, the majority of Chinese who live in the countryside have gained little from the material progress of the past two decades.
17011- Today's growing global networks of interdependence are putting new items on national and international agendas; Americans simply cannot solve many of these by themselves.
17012- Without further discussion, Deng mobilized 500,000 troops to enter Beijing to crack down on the unarmed students and civilians.
17013- Cultures everywhere change in response to technological developments, economic growth, and - of course - globalization.
17014- Argentina seems set to join the long list of countries - Brazil, Korea, Russia, Thailand, and Indonesia - that managed devaluations without runaway inflation.
17015- Private R&D is difficult to encourage when investors suspect that success would lead the fruits of their work to be taken by some form of eminent domain and used throughout the world with little compensation.
17016- When countries suffer from low investment demand, freeing up capital inflows does not do much good.
17017- This has dramatically reduced the cost of borrowing for the Italian government.
17018- A majority decision requires 50% of the member states, about 72% of their weighted votes, and 62% of the EU's total population.
17019- One horse carriages.
17020- Latin America's Dysfunctional Democracy
17021- Defining Terrorism
17022- But this episode illustrates a fundamental and frustrating problem: the more we know about what is going on in China the less we are sure about whether China has actually become a threat.
17023- Recent evidence from Uganda and Kenya show just how costly this error was.
17024- Now unemployment is Germany's biggest problem, standing at a postwar record.
17025- The euro demonstrates that century old rivalries among nation states can be overcome and forgotten when citizens can move across borders to do business with one another more easily.
17026- The Union must see to it that this border is not a new wall dividing Europe, and that the zone of stability and prosperity it has created for its members spreads to the EU's eastern neighbors as well.
17027- Eventually, she will be obliged to abandon her studied ambiguity, and she will probably pay a price for doing so.
17028- Switzerland and Australia surprisingly reached the elimination round, and the Asian and African teams disappointed somewhat, with only Ghana advancing.
17029- Bombing is not an option for fighting terrorist cells in Hamburg, Singapore, or Detroit.
17030- But it appears as if Russia has failed to understand or, in fact, to genuinely take notice of any of this.
17031- Guantánamo, Abu Ghraib, and more recent war-crimes scandals have done much worse damage to America's stature.
17032- In many cases, people may not have tried hard enough.
17033- Tragically, the bridges to the US as well as to Central and Eastern Europe have been damaged by German diplomacy during the Iraq crisis, and the bridge to the smaller EU member states is now in the process of being damaged by the Teutonic colossus's noncompliance with the Stability and Growth Pact.
17034- 
17035- After winning a bilingual education system in the late 1980's and securing land titles for many peasants in 1992, CONAIE expanded its agenda.
17036- More recently, Russia and China prevented Security Council authorization of intervention to stop the human rights violations in Kosovo in 1999.
17037- It is as if the Nazis were still in power, with the current leaders claiming that Hitler was only 30% wrong.
17038- The key reason is that several recent "reforms" announced by German Chancellor Angela Merkel -- raising the value-added tax, increasing user charges for healthcare, and taxing interest payments as a part of so-called corporate tax reform -- promise to reduce German economic growth, perhaps significantly, in 2007.
17039- One can understand how a computer "works" in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse, the hard drive, and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved, or allow information to be stored and erased, or control pixels on a screen.
17040- Their weapons are terror and chaos.
17041- This is notably the case in economic terms.
17042- The World Cup is drama, excitement, a dream, but it is also a form of "global escapism."
17043- They began to expand their welfare state, pushing the government's share in GDP from 39% to 49% and welcoming union-proposed double-digit wage increases.
17044- Osama Bin Laden is much more the expression of deracination than of a tradition of political violence in Islam.
17045- Ever since the Gulf war, Iraq has been a source of friction among the western permanent members of the UN Security Council.
17046- From the 1950s onward, America's ties to Pakistan as a bulwark against Soviet expansion intruded, as America felt compelled to shade its policies toward India in the light of its relations with Pakistan.
17047- However, the counter argument is stronger.
17048- Statements by new EU members' leaders at the summit indicated that they were aware of such a possibility.
17049- This is why those injured by monopoly were given, under America's early anti-trust laws, the right to sue, receiving treble damages if victorious.
17050- The first enlargement, in 1973, brought in Great Britain, Ireland, and Denmark, and was based mostly on economic considerations.
17051- As in post-World War II West Germany, much of the current prosperity in Cyprus today is an outcome of the boost the economy received from the absorption of refugees.
17052- As the seventeenth-century poet John Donne put it, "Ask not for whom the bell tolls -- it tolls for thee."
17053- It chose something different entirely: big tax cuts, yes, but tax cuts that were badly designed from a genuine supply-side perspective aimed at boosting growth, as well as Democratic domestic spending priorities, but very badly implemented.
17054- Indeed, Roma have been among the biggest losers in the transition from communism since 1989.
17055- Our common future depends on it.
17056- The Americans' supply train would regularly pass through my father's ancestral village, Arak, then a scenic oasis of green gardens and fruit orchards.
17057- The extent of this redistribution varies from one country to another, but it is present throughout the OECD, including in the US.
17058- Given that immigrants usually enter countries that redistribute resources from above-average to below-average incomes, such benefits are likely even if immigrants work and pay taxes and social security contributions.
17059- More globally, however, it is as if "Old Europe" had decided that it was time to set the record straight and prove more dynamic than the world's emerging forces.
17060- All of these sources contributed to the flow of money into the US, which was thus enabled to invest much more than it had managed to save.
17061- Vancouver is a lovely city, and I would love to have the voters of British Columbia inside the US, because I think they would add much health to the American electorate.
17062- It also means a bit more inflation, but in today's world, a bit more inflation is good, not bad.
17063- But Humala is hardly a saint.
17064- Experience and economic theory tell us much about the long-term value of exchange rates.
17065- The original road map sketched out at the Madrid Conference in 1991 envisaged two stages: the final settlement of disputes between the Palestinians and Israel, and the permanent settlement of regional conflicts.
17066- When New Labour embraced market economics, the Tories were wrong-footed.
17067- But by now it is clear that this is a worthless piece of paper.
17068- But even with all the difficulties of corruption and inefficiency that will no doubt plague its actual implementation, our proposal is superior to the status quo.
17069- Hostility on the football pitch merely reflects the existing tense relations between the two countries, which carry the weight of a painful history.
17070- Legendary financier Warren Buffett carefully examined the long-term prospects of companies and chose right a high proportion of the time.
17071- The government's rescue policies appear to be working.
17072- Incumbent financiers, meanwhile, have a powerful vested interest in opposing a market-based system, which favors credit evaluation and risk management over their main ``skill'': being well connected.
17073- If the Constitution is rejected, the British, having chosen to stay out of that grouping, may find that they have maneuvered themselves into an even more remote outer circle of Europe.
17074- Quite simply, if the European Union is to overcome national parochialism and embrace a shared and binding purpose, it must abandon the rhetoric of accountants and speak in a language that comprehends what is good and bad, beautiful and ugly, right and wrong.
17075- As one scientist friend puts it: if you are driving on a mountain road, approaching a cliff, in a car whose brakes may fail, and a fog bank rolls in, should you drive more or less cautiously?
17076- Another first was that observers from all parties monitored the polling.
17077- This strategy comprises three elements: First and foremost it contains a clear commitment to the primary goal of the ECB, which is to safeguard price stability. Price stability was defined as an annual increase in the price level of below two percent over the medium term.
17078- Until states such as Saudi Arabia, Syria, and others vigorously dry up the inflows of people and money that sustain the insurgency, Iraq will never become stable, democratic, and prosperous.
17079- The Two Faces of Berlusconi
17080- The New Cosmopolitans
17081- But they also led to suspension of the critical process so essential to a democracy - a full and fair discussion of the issues.
17082- The anticipated increase in the fiscal deficit is striking: the central plan discussed by Bush's Council of Economic Advisers would -- according to the Council's own estimates -- increase America's fiscal deficit by $2 trillion over the next decade.
17083- When I first interviewed Blair, as newly elected Labour leader in 1994, he answered my question about the role of his Christianity in his politics by saying, "I can't stand politicians who go on about religion."
17084- Most, if not all, of them will have to come down in the ultimate compromise that will emerge someday.
17085- Before long, monetary tightening accompanied renewed trade friction with the US, prompting more yen appreciation and another recession.
17086- Do you believe you can continue to ostracize the communities from which your soccer heroes come?"
17087- Millions of immigrants arrived with great expectations of making a country -- and making it their country.
17088- But that's bad news for leopard seals and Adelie penguins, humpback and blue whales, and many other species, because most organisms in the Antarctic marine ecosystem eat either krill or something that eats krill.
17089- President Mbeki was one of the three heads of state present at the handover ceremony from Taylor to Blah in Monrovia, Liberia's capital.
17090- As European economies grew more dependent on Russian oil and gas, and the US military in Central Asia on Russian acquiescence, reversing the decision to admit Russia to the G8 became politically unthinkable.
17091- In Argentina's recent legislative election, Cristina Kirchner became a political force in her own right, making the Kirchners a ruling couple from now on -- the second in the country's history after Juan Perón and Evita. Mrs. Kirchner was elected Senator for the province of Buenos Aires, where much of the country's economic might is based.
17092- To be sure, Solidarity achieved a stunning political success.
17093- As a result, pluralism pressures churches to become denominations.
17094- In the first Gulf war it was also found that the Iraqis' Soviet-built tanks and artillery had PCBs (poly-chlorinated biphenyls) in their hydraulic systems for the same reason that combat airplanes use halons.
17095- Certainly the Iran-United States football game in 1998 offered a moment of fraternization between the two teams.
17096- A quarter of a million more Americans are employed in business and professional services than a year ago - a 1.6% annual rate of employment growth.
17097- But that savings number hides something very critical.
17098- The Mixed Blessing of Genetic Choice
17099- Specifically, the Commission calls for rich countries to put aside one tenth of one percent of their gross national product - or just one penny out of every ten dollars of income - on behalf of health services for the world's poor.
17100- Such a system is at least as "fair" as Europe's model, and probably more so than one in which taxpayers pay for everybody, including the rich.
17101- This intricate honeycomb divides the entire West Bank into multiple fragments, often uninhabitable or even unreachable.
17102- Yet the zero hour did not last.
17103- Many Europeans regard the use of capital punishment in the US as backward and repugnant.
17104- The elites have fought back, often brutally, to protect their property.
17105- Probably not: North Korea is not China.
17106- But shortcomings in the blueprints of reform play a greater role.
17107- We speak often.
17108- In sub-Saharan Africa, the basic challenges are disease control, soil fertility, and expanded educational opportunities.
17109- Why not just keep the fledgling epidemic under wraps and hope that it goes away without the world ever knowing?
17110- It has been said that assisted dying is pivotal to the discussion about what constitutes a good death; it is also a focal point in the relationship between the medical profession and society as a whole.
17111- The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bush's huge tax cuts for upper-income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare, which provides health care for the aged.
17112- Radio call-in shows have burgeoned and public discourse is at its most lively.
17113- In other words, the market is betting that the dollar will fall gradually in the next five years, and that the US current-account deficit will narrow without a financial crisis.
17114- Mill thought that there is a big minority of people who tend to seek higher pleasures and that to be active in democratic politics is one of such pleasure.
17115- Neither Blix nor al-Baradei was willing to suspend the inspections until Iraq provides forthright, open cooperation.
17116- Alas, if they are allowed to run the show, Ukraine might face more redistribution of fortunes than cleansing of corruption, letting the revolutionary public down.
17117- This would provide a tremendous boost to the market and drastically reduce interest rates.
17118- But an effective market economy needs to minimize the incentives and opportunities for corruption, or it will turn into something worse.
17119- Why shouldn't Sweden be part of that success story?
17120- Khrushchev's speech also ignited the feud between Mao's China and the USSR, for it allowed Mao to claim the crown of world revolutionary leadership.
17121- It sees competition as the most effective means to promote economic growth, but also embraces state interference, when necessary, to secure equality of opportunity, social solidarity, and social balance.
17122- But small countries, like Portugal, do not.
17123- What the EU does now to bridge this fault line will determine whether these countries westernize or stagnate.
17124- The US, preoccupied with the supposed specter of a "clash of civilizations" between Islam and the West, saw the AKP's modern, westernized face as an opportunity and urged the EU to admit Turkey.
17125- Since these two initial studies, many other groups, including ours, have confirmed and documented many more CNVs in other individuals studied.
17126- They are threatened by roving bandits, by local notables, and, most of all, by government functionaries who use their offices to extort extra income.
17127- If the next presidential election in Russia were held this year, and if no decision were made to banish him from Russians' TV screens, there can be little doubt that Dmitriy Rogozin would win.
17128- The pro-democracy camp is likely to win 22 seats of those 30 seats, which are based on five large geographical constituencies.
17129- Of course, the BJP is not alone in seeking to exploit India's religious and caste divisions.
17130- But both were relatively homogeneous societies with significant middle classes and no organized resistance to American occupation. Yet both transitions still took nearly a decade.
17131- An electoral college would allocate seats to each country in proportion to its population, and each candidate would receive electoral college votes proportional to the vote taken in that country, either by universal suffrage or in the national parliament. This would force presidential candidates to campaign with equal energy in all countries.
17132- The French people still have time to pull themselves together -- and opinion polls suggest that they are beginning to do it.
17133- That means changing the way they produce and consume energy - reducing subsidies, ensuring appropriate pricing, and adequately taxing environmentally damaging products.
17134- If we are forced to abandon the hope of assimilation, our efforts should concentrate on creating a public space to which all contribute and that all enjoy.
17135- Such divisions occur regularly.
17136- President Bush's recent visit to Asia made little news -- by design.
17137- CCTV falls under the control of the Propaganda Department and the Ministry of Radio, Film, and Television.
17138- But Islamic Salafism (fundamentalist religious radicalism) is above all a consequence of the globalization and Westernization of Islam, and of the decoupling of culture and religion more generally.
17139- So I believe that the future for political parties is to develop a culture of debate, dialogue, and critical understanding of issues, where people can help set a nation's priorities and are not simply told by experts or their leaders what is right and wrong for them.
17140- Taking a stand against corruption is a crucial task for the reformist leadership of Mikheil Saakashvili, a Columbia University-educated lawyer, Nino Burjanadze, the acting head of state and speaker of parliament, and Zurab Zhvania, also a former parliamentary speaker.
17141- Between 2000 and 2010, 700 million young people will enter developing country labor markets, more than the entire labor force of today's industrial world. The situation of Indonesia is revealing.
17142- Should Africa Follow the EU Model?
17143- Labor productivity is traditionally much lower in Italy's south than in the rest of the country.
17144- War between the Koreas would confront Beijing with a flood of hundreds of thousands of refugees.
17145- So we get less food back than we put into the birds -- and less protein, too -- while disposing of the concentrated chicken manure causes serious pollution to rivers and ground water.
17146- State funds finance 50% of housing costs in the settlements, compared to 25% in Israel.
17147- But this is precisely the so-called "supply side" argument that the President's father once famously mocked as "voodoo" economics when Ronald Reagan expounded it.
17148- To destroy their sanctuaries, it will not suffice to eliminate the Taliban.
17149- What is different in Georgia, says Felix Stanevsky, Russia's former ambassador to Georgia, is that, "while Boris Yeltsin, his family and other political figures were in contact with Russia's Mafia, Mr Shevardnadze and the key ministries in his government are Georgia's Mafia.
17150- The reason?
17151- Under Zhao's direction, the Politburo and its Standing Committee called for dialogue with the students.
17152- On the contrary, before the Civil War you could start out splitting rails, light out for the Western Territory, make a success of yourself on the frontier, and wind up as President -- if you were named Abraham Lincoln.
17153- Killer Fish Farms
17154- According to this principle, Konrad Adenauer, Robert Schuman, and Alcide de Gasperi -- three of the EU's founding fathers -- would not measure up.
17155- It is no longer about message or content - it is just one more form of entertainment, and what matters is who wins and who loses.
17156- But the benchmark interest rate in Japan has been essentially zero for the past four years, so the standard form of monetary stimulus--reducing short_term nominal interest rates--is unavailable.
17157- Some positive steps have been taken.
17158- The cable-stayed bridge is a form that is currently being pushed to limits and beyond those originally imagined to apply to it.
17159- Thaksin's dominance of Thai politics is unprecedented, and his resilient popularity in the face of a fickle electorate is unparalleled.
17160- We saw the consequences of that gap in Afghanistan.
17161- If I had suggested to my superiors at that time that the UN would one day observe and even run elections in sovereign states, conduct intrusive inspections for weapons of mass destruction, impose comprehensive sanctions on the entire import-export trade of a member state, or set up international criminal tribunals and coerce governments into handing over their citizens to be tried by foreigners under international law, they would have told me that I did not understand what the UN was all about.
17162- No politician with any common sense (which Mr Rais has in abundance) would seek to unseat Megawati at this moment, for the challenges she faces are daunting and the chances of success small.
17163- We all come into the world curious, equipped with the psychological drive to explore the world and to expand the terrain that we think we master.
17164- He put his oil reserves to good use, providing Jordan and Syria--each a failing economy--with deeply discounted supplies, assuring their goodwill.
17165- The primary protection against poverty is earned income -- for which even France's generous unemployment benefits and other welfare payments are an inadequate substitute.
17166- But the question everyone from Tokyo to Seoul and from Washington to Moscow is asking is this: will China act in time?
17167- As the poet Carl Sandburg put it in 1961: "What, Hollywood's more important than Harvard?
17168- France, which did ponder sending 15 000 soldiers to Iraq had the UN given its blessing to the war, is as clear as Schröder.
17169- With a rapidly aging population and a shrinking workforce, tax revenue will contract, while expenditure on pensions and health care will expand, undermining the fiscal position.
17170- What will G-8 summit meetings be like when American President Hillary Clinton and French President Ségolène Royal join German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a formidable triangle of women's power?
17171- Similarly, rearguard efforts to prove that those who opposed war in Iraq were right and that the Americans and the Britons wrong, together with demands for ``proof'' that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction, are unconstructive and only cause mutual irritation.
17172- To be effective, a formal legal regime protecting investors' rights requires a non-corrupt, independent judiciary with enforcement power.
17173- Many people view that mechanism as being intended to strengthen the power of the EU's big members to the detriment of small countries.
17174- Weapons of mass destruction could not be found, and the connection with al Qaeda could not be established.
17175- Nowadays southern African countries are committed to reinforcing their regional integration through economic harmonization.
17176- But government officials merely reiterate the political righteousness of the proposed anti-subversion laws.
17177- Millions more died.
17178- Is this a sign that the tide is turning in Europe in favor of a stronger euro?
17179- Amid rising allegations of abuse, President George W. Bush's government realized some time ago that it could not maintain its Guantánamo detention camp forever.
17180- Another consortium began to build multi-billion dollar oil and gas pipelines from Azerbaijan through Georgia to Turkey and the West.
17181- Indeed, even controlling for income, whites are much less receptive to redistributive policies than non-white Americans, precisely because they perceive them as favoring racial minorities.
17182- To prevent this will require sustained support from the US and the international community.
17183- Indeed, throughout the cold 1500-1800's, malaria was a major disease in Europe, the US, and far into the Arctic Circle.
17184- Chaotic excavation and exhumation--often by family members desperate to learn the fate of loved ones--and unprofessional treatment of the evidence aggravates the challenges of uncovering the truth.
17185- As an official of Kenya's Child Welfare Society concedes, "There is little we can do to help when a child is ill-treated unless the case becomes known to us or to the police."
17186- An important inquiry set up by the United Kingdom's drug regulators in mid-2003 will soon report its findings.
17187- The immediate priority is to put an end to this violence.
17188- Certainly, Einstein was being tremendously modest.
17189- In so far as the European Union is a "single market," it is represented by the Trade Commissioner, Pascal Lamy.
17190- This would provide us with lots of genetic variation, enabling us to analyze the genes fully.
17191- A solution must be found elsewhere.
17192- Because of rural impoverishment and a drought earlier this year, dire hunger afflicts millions of people.
17193- Can US-Iran Relations Be Revived?
17194- Venezuela's democratic opposition has finally united behind a single candidate, Manuel Rosales, to challenge the incumbent populist maverick Hugo Chávez in the presidential election scheduled for December 3rd.
17195- Nigeria can be bold at diplomacy, as its offer of asylum to President Charles Taylor of Liberia demonstrates.
17196- During the Cold War, America was the natural leader of the Atlantic community, but the price of this leadership was that the US had to accept the autonomy and influence of its European allies.
17197- But Europe and the euro could are increasingly catalysts for public resentment.
17198- Treatment with drugs, particularly those that target the neurotransmitter dopamine, can reduce the symptoms, but the mechanism of this effect is unknown and unfortunate side effects can and do occur.
17199- Thus, when they saw and heard that doctors couldn't help, people brought their sick family member home.
17200- This was the start of the great Japanese asset-price bubble.
17201- Several went on to join and lead a new party - Croatian Integrity and Prosperity (HIP), organized by Tudjman's eldest son Miroslav, the former chief of the Croatian intelligence service.
17202- Muslim religious and political leaders have the intellectual capital to refute their misplaced religious convictions, and can repeat sura after sura, hadith after hadith, detailing Islam's rejection of violence and repudiation of the killing of innocents. But the second category of suicide bombers presents a far greater challenge, for it comprises organizations, such as Hamas and Islamic Jihad that fight for avowedly nationalist goals.
17203- But when Europe did move more decisively, as it did at the Copenhagen summit in 2002, economic and political progress in Turkey accelerated in a very tangible way.
17204- The IMF's Missed Opportunity
17205- Calderón cannot hand education over to the Church, privatize Pemex (the state owned oil company) or abolish social anti-poverty programs, as his adversaries falsely claimed he would do.
17206- Hezbollah, however, distributed its rockets to village militias that were good at hiding them from air attacks, sheltering them from artillery, and from probing Israeli unmanned air vehicles, but that were incapable of launching them effectively in simultaneous launches against the same targets.
17207- Greater efforts at infiltrating terror networks are needed, as is a deeper knowledge of the social structures created by the terrorists, in order to block their financial support.
17208- NATO expansion into the Baltics will require resolve and political will by the Alliance's members.
17209- Compared to patients who received sham acupuncture or no treatment, far fewer of those who received acupuncture died or became invalid within three months.
17210- It's an expression of prosperity, progress, and justice.
17211- A serious strategy must do three things: increase support for the region's democrats; create a regional context that facilitates democratic development; and, finally, reorganize ourselves at home to pursue and sustain pro-democracy policies abroad.
17212- Holocaust denial is not an argument about the past. It is an argument about the future.
17213- Law enforcement failed the population.
17214- It is not enough to reject the Bush administration's policies; Americans must reaffirm the values and principles of an open society.
17215- The obligation of prior registration of religious communities is discriminatory.
17216- Developing countries' alleged gains from capital market liberalization have been widely discussed (although recent studies raise some doubts about these benefits).
17217- President Mbeki reacted to Obsanjo's announcement with what South Africa's business weekly, The Financial Mail , described as "surprise and consternation."
17218- Egypt also worries about a possible Hamas-Fatah civil war.
17219- Of course, the troops may be made invulnerable to bombing by being billeted among the civilian population, but armored vehicles and artillery cannot be hidden in apartment houses.
17220- Moreover, Zidane incarnated values that seem threatened nowadays, but to which ordinary people remain attached: loyalty to family, diligence, and cooperation.
17221- And why is it so different from the possible scenarios that international financial economists see?
17222- Millions of Afghans huddle in refugee camps or are displaced from their homes.
17223- The two bodies must expand their strategic dialogue beyond their current focus on the Balkans and Afghanistan.
17224- But China's abandonment of the yuan's "traditional parity" in July 2005 rules out a new, credibly fixed exchange-rate strategy for some time.
17225- Vlad received the nickname "Draculea" - derived from "Dragon" - from his father.
17226- Indeed, even Russian uniformity is different nowadays.
17227- Our second message was optimistic: if the agenda of the current round is reoriented towards development, and if assistance is provided to manage implementation and adjustment costs, developing countries can gain much.
17228- On the American side, the temptation is to overplay its "sole superpower" role by acting unilaterally.
17229- Germany is unified.
17230- Paying the Price of Reform
17231- We all understand what these mean, and how certain people must live with them on a daily basis.
17232- Hamas wishes now to consolidate its political gains, maintain domestic order and stability, and refrain from any contacts with Israel.
17233- The state still controls the economy as it sees fit, as the de-facto renationalization of Yukos amply demonstrates.
17234- Moreover, cultural differences between the US and Germany were not as great as those between the US and the Middle East.
17235- But these same people often want both.
17236- Anytime physical harm is threatened, it seems that the use of all necessary force is permissible.
17237- Moreover, the huge problem with compliance, similar for all prophylactic treatments in medicine, must be addressed.
17238- This means that there is a high probability of an intervention on a particular day if an intervention occurred the previous day.
17239- But dialogue with the Kim regime cannot be an end in itself.
17240- The report charges that as much as $5 million might go to one of these institutions in a year, but that a large portion is then siphoned off to her secret foreign bank accounts.
17241- The World Bank, UNICEF, and UNESCO have estimated that achieving UPE by 2015 will entail annual expenditures of between $6.5 billion and $35 billion, on top of the approximately $82 billion that developing countries spend each year on primary education.
17242- This is true for its financial parameters too.
17243- A sober assessment of this process leads me to assert that a more capable and united Europe will usher in a more effective Atlantic Alliance and not, as some believe, in American disengagement from European commitments.
17244- Portugal adopted more restrictive provisions in 2001, after Spain implemented a similar reform in 2000. Ireland did the same in 1999, after the UK enacted two reforms in 1996 and 1998 designed to curb immigration.
17245- Now, however, it appears that the authorities wanted only a small, managed opening, on the assumption that they could control the outcome.
17246- Either proposal would entail amending the UN Charter, which requires marshaling the support of a two-thirds majority of the 191 member states, including the five veto-wielding members of the current Security Council.
17247- The Weak Dollar's Impossible Strength
17248- Whether the end result is better relations or full integration of these countries into the EU and NATO is an open question.
17249- The world that Europe has called for is coming closer, and it can fail abysmally without the EU or improve at the margin thanks to it.
17250- There are economic and geopolitical rivalries between China and Japan that dwarf in importance the high-profile insults to national pride that make headlines.
17251- They didn't claim that what he said was inaccurate, or shortsighted, or analytically unsound.
17252- Often, after completing a government-sponsored program, participants find it impossible to secure a job with the promised higher pay.
17253- Indeed, the six-party meetings in Beijing earlier this year to discuss North Korea's nuclear challenge confirmed China's emerging great power status, which is also reflected in its increasingly active--and effective--Asian diplomacy.
17254- This does not mean that the German-made share of exports is falling in absolute terms.
17255- But do the old members really agree about the real purpose of the European enterprise?
17256- The investment deficiency in Asia relative to rates of a decade ago amounts to an annual shortfall of $400 billion a year, with the decline in investment in Japan -- a consequence of more than a decade of economic stagnation ­ -- accounting for more than half of the total.
17257- We all know that we will die one day.
17258- As a result, Turkey's leaders are now willing to pursue active diplomacy in the Middle East in an effort to minimize problems with neighboring countries.
17259- Europe will join America in a downturn, reinforcing America's decline and setting in motion a global downward spiral.
17260- If Mexico votes against a US-sponsored resolution pushing for the use of force in Iraq in the next several days, the US shouldn't interpret the decision as a knee-jerk nationalistic response, but rather as a reflection of Mexico's interests.
17261- When the Communist empire collapsed, some even announced that the victory of liberty and democracy implied the "end of history."
17262- There is no reason whatsoever why the EU should fall into chaos -- and the euro wilt -- now under the Treaty of Nice when it did not do so before.
17263- If they do, there will be a two-speed Europe, with a politically integrated inner core and others more loosely associated on the outside.
17264- In fact, the Christian image of the all-powerful Jew feeds the conspiracy theories that infect the way Muslims regard Jews.
17265- For example, the economic governance working group had agreed that monetary policy should be managed at Union level by an independent central bank, the ECB.
17266- Similarly, it was only through the use of the Freedom of Information Act that the dramatic photographs of the coffins of US soldiers coming home were finally made public.
17267- In fact wherever different groups have had to share a space, they have either fought each other or drawn a line to stay separate.
17268- Even speedier action is needed to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, both for its own sake, and because its repercussions destabilize other parts of the world.
17269- Perhaps the German Chancellor hopes that in the shadows of such an all-party Convention he can quietly slip through "reforms" that are, for the most part, really cuts in public expenditure for social services.
17270- A country's soft power rests upon the attractiveness of its culture, the appeal of its domestic political and social values, and the style and substance of its foreign policies.
17271- Their main effect will be psychological if widespread support for them creates a sense in Iran that it has isolated itself.
17272- France also violated the pact's fiscal criterion in these three years.
17273- Indeed, the denial that men may be arbitrary is the higher law by which we must govern.
17274- But anti-immigration parties are gaining ground across western Europe; they could make huge political capital out of potential Ukrainian membership.
17275- For the time being, and until this will is found, the world should give Hamas time to deal with the daily needs of Palestinians.
17276- Bush chose as his Vice-President a man who once served as CEO of Halliburton. Dick Cheney clearly cannot be held responsible for corporate misconduct after he left Halliburton, but there is mounting evidence about misconduct that took place while he was at the helm.
17277- The violence seems to be proportional to these disenfranchised young people's sense of perceived injustice and the lack of opportunities for them to express themselves.
17278- In an oligarchic economy such of that of today's Hong Kong, the costs of stagnation and the fruits of growth are distributed in grossly unfair ways.
17279- If China's regulators issue the right licenses, the financial sector will play a key role in nurturing and sustaining the consumer society of tomorrow.
17280- The same impulse appears to be at work behind Italy's policy on Autostrade, Spain's on Endesa, Poland's on its banking sector, the former Swedish Prime Minister's on Volvo, German unease about "locust"-like funds on Deutsche Börse, or the United Kingdom's ever louder defense of the London Stock Exchange's independence from the United States.
17281- Those who expected major reforms in the global financial architecture may well be sorely disappointed by what has happened in the past six years.
17282- Then, as now, the backlash came chiefly from rich industrial countries, rather than from poor peripheral countries which were often seen as the objects of capitalist exploitation.
17283- When a new disease called SARS hit China last year, the World Health Organization coordinated the actions of dozens of governments, and the crisis was quickly brought under control, at least for now.
17284- Western Europeans work some 25% less than Americans, yet they have a level of social welfare (including climate) that is only around 15% lower than Americans, and they have more equal income distributions and lower poverty rates as well.
17285- (Even though Dr. Khan earned his Ph.D in metallurgy, not nuclear physics or nuclear engineering, yet journalistspress reports usually refer to him as a "nuclear scientist").
17286- The reason for this also explains why Djindjic could not rely on the Serb state to carry out his policies.
17287- Today's oil prices are still only two-thirds the real peak reached during the Iranian Revolution of 1979, and future markets expect the oil price to fall back and settle at perhaps $45 a barrel.
17288- For a while, they grin and bear it, sometimes recognizing the necessity of the loss of sovereignty that they are enduring.
17289- One remembers Hitler, who, while his own party did not quite get 50% of the vote, could base his "seizure of power" on a parliamentary majority.
17290- Sense and Nonsense about Self-Defense
17291- Still, despite the difficulties of rooting out the very last cases, the progress made against polio has been historic.
17292- After the USSR collapsed, Ukraine possessed an inefficient and militarised industrial base and a blundering bureaucracy.
17293- As a result, these labor-intensive sectors must release a lot of labor and capital, which push into the capital-intensive export sectors that are better able to cope with high wages. But, while these sectors therefore grow especially fast, their high capital intensity means that they cannot fully employ the released labor, with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state.
17294- They are right.
17295- Should they cease to support the US, the unique transatlantic partnership could disintegrate.
17296- No question, the neo-keynesian approach is useful for a central bank's policy analysis.
17297- Replacing this oil at market prices could cost more than $600 million a year.
17298- Barely four years ago, former US President Bill Clinton remarked that human knowledge doubles every five years. Now we hear that it doubles every two years.
17299- Democratic, consensual, and transparent processes - such as those in Botswana - are more likely to ensure that the fruits of a country's wealth are equitably and well spent.
17300- The future of the social sciences may lie in rekindling this coalition of law and medicine and upgrading the artificial in a world that may have come to overvalue nature.
17301- Who wants to build up debt if there might be a financial crisis around the corner?
17302- Labor force participation is lower - and a substantial part of that lower labor force participation is not the result of untrammeled choice but of discouraged workers and institutions that make it very difficult for households that have every adult at work.
17303- Coal, canals, and metalworkers were the foundation for building, installing, and using the automatic spinning machines, power looms, and railway locomotives that were the first modern machine industries.
17304- The unstated implication - but the one the reader is expected to draw - is that tariff cuts were an important determinant of global integration and hence growth.
17305- But after Darwin and natural selection, we have a non-God-driven explanation for adaptation, making it possible to be a non-believer, even in the face of design-like organisms and their parts.
17306- Did the outcome - together with Republican gains in the Congress - represent an endorsement of Bush's positions?
17307- Why do Piemontese, Bavarians, or Scots need intermediate national bureaucracies to run their tax policies, welfare programs, securities laws, and the largely useless, duplicative armies?
17308- But at times like these, when issues such as North Korea's bid to acquire nuclear weapons and a possible US-led war against Iraq provoke heated debate in the international community, the Japanese public is also engaged in frequent, daily exchanges about what Japan should do.
17309- But, in a global village, misperceptions can arise all too easily -- and can do great damage.
17310- If I injure you, you should be able to sue me.
17311- Although unemployment remains too high, ordinary Colombians are seeing real signs of change and hope for the future.
17312- Now, how would such a perceptual system respond to the stimulus of the Moon Illusion - a stimulus that changes only in the elevation of the Moon over the ground?
17313- This will force small and medium producers to become more competitive, but they must do so on an uneven playing field.
17314- A bloodbath after a Northern Alliance victory would be like the revenge killings by Kosovars that followed the NATO victory in June 1999.
17315- No one seems to know how to respond to China's diplomatic and military muscle flexing in Asia, for the extent of China's ambitions remains utterly unclear.
17316- As a result, his countrymen excused his frequent bad behavior time and again.
17317- Reversing the declining trend in contributions to the Global Environment Facility would be a good start.
17318- Only Germany's lunatic fringe dares to commemorate Hitler.
17319- Chirac's rhetoric often includes references to a "multi-polar world" in which the United States is no longer the only superpower.
17320- The Koran says that "Allah will not change our unfortunate situation unless we make the effort to change it."
17321- As a result, he will be poorly placed to handle the challenges ahead, the most intractable of which will be the European Union's new Constitution.
17322- Now we see that these were only a small part of the total costs.
17323- A. Alesina, I. Angeloni & L.Schuknecht, CEPR Discussion Paper no. 3115.
17324- However, the politics of frustration, of ambitions raised and then thwarted, is clearly one such cause.
17325- We must begin to understand that no one can help Ukraine save we Ukrainians.
17326- The first is panic, typified by the flight of investors from East Asia in 1997.
17327- Indeed, a powerful component of the Berlusconi coalition, the Northern League, staunchly opposes a core component of the proposed reform--abolition of early retirement--because ending early retirement is contrary to workers' interests in the North, where the party has its electoral base.
17328- As Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said recently in Paris: "I use the word ‘power' broadly, because even more important than military and indeed economic power is the power of ideas, the power of compassion, and the power of hope."
17329- Moreover, it is the kind of mistake that the British have been making in relations with Europe for the past half-century.
17330- However, if EU countries start competing for a share of the Chinese market, the Russians could soon be tempted to sell their best arms to the communist regime in Beijing.
17331- But most of these exports go to other Euro-zone countries, and are thus unaffected by the level of the Euro.
17332- The United States' planned withdrawal of troops from Asia, which President George W. Bush announced on August 16, need not harm peace and stability in the region and particularly in Korea.
17333- But that should not surprise.
17334- The trouble is that today's best climate models show that immediate action will do little good.
17335- Iran's Political Clerics
17336- If North Korea is, indeed, continuing to develop not only its nuclear arsenal, but also various types of ballistic missiles, in defiance of international commitments, it is truly a rogue state.
17337- But more inequality also means more opportunities: becoming rich today in China remains very difficult, but it is no longer impossible - just walk into one of the pubs of downtown Shanghai.
17338- This must include three key elements: a negotiated solution for Syria; a resumption of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians; and a common strategic understanding with the US of the political strategy of the West for the region (which addresses the region's most dangerous conflict, Iran).
17339- The problem is that basic scientific research is mostly a public good that cannot be withheld from those who use it and which seeps into the body of scientific know-how in unanticipated ways.
17340- Why should this historic event cause such political upheaval?
17341- We need to communicate our positions clearly to policymakers and reinforce incentives for countries to take appropriate corrective actions.
17342- Indeed, Yomiuri's report may well have helped convince Japan's new prime minister, Shinzo Abe, to go to China immediately after being elected in to seek better bilateral relations.
17343- There is no doubt that the political and economic program of Erdogan and his party is a dramatic departure from traditional Turkish Islamism.
17344- ·
17345- Yet Garton Ash is among the most pro-American Europeans, whose views of a united Europe are closer to those of his many friends in the "new", postcommunist Europe than to those of France or Germany.
17346- Or is "euro triumphalism" premature?
17347- Rather than buckle to France's will, however, the Romanian president warned France's leaders to stop lecturing his country -- a sure sign that French influence is on the wane even in countries with which it has had close historical ties.
17348- Saddam's security system for Baghdad includes the Special Republican Guard, whose 16,000 men are Iraq's most disciplined, best equipped troops.
17349- The moderates are in a daily battle with their own extremists, who claim that compromise is impossible. Israeli extremists insist that all Palestinians are intent on destroying the state of Israel itself.
17350- Enlargement is the geo-strategic choice of a generation. It is about uniting a continent.
17351- They advocated the overthrow of Saddam Hussein even before Bush was elected and won him to their cause after September 11.
17352- UN forces in Rwanda in 1994 were Annan's responsibility before and during the crisis.
17353- Once he is attacked by the US, he may use it against Israel, which will retaliate.
17354- Others, typically old-line communist parties, have retained much of their traditional rhetoric, but this is largely for electoral consumption.
17355- When the euro was launched banks in Europe accounted for some 80% of total firm financing, as compared to 30% in the US.
17356- According to the directive, every EU citizen has the right to a residence permit for up to five years in any member state, followed by the right to permanent residence.
17357- The development of modern, highly liquid financial markets has been one of the main benefits of the euro: in a few years, for instance, bank lending in Germany fell from 74% to 32% of the total funds raised by large German companies.
17358- One Turkish ideologue put the case with brutal frankness: "It is nonsense to talk about this civilization and that civilization.
17359- Indeed, no one thinks that the US economy is deeply unstable: there are no banking problems, there is no real estate problem, there is no mass unemployment, there is no inflation holding the Fed back from cutting interest rates.
17360- There is little doubt that the 2005 Defense Review will formalize the change in focus underway since September 11, 2001.
17361- Blair, at least, is pursuing his Iraq policy because he is deeply convinced that he is right.
17362- But, while centuries of struggle to end colonial rule and apartheid have not changed this much, now Western influence is being challenged by China, which likewise covets Africa's rich reserves of minerals and resources.
17363- So how can the Commission distinguish between cases?
17364- Governments supported many covertly.
17365- Defenseless against the state's power, they were invincible because they had nothing else to lose.
17366- These are great steps forward, and they show that despite brainwashing and the complicity of many Serbs in the crimes of the Milosevic regime, democracy and open society have a chance of taking root in what remains of Yugoslavia.
17367- But they do not want America alone to shoulder the burdens of international peace, and they are gradually coming to the realization that leadership and cooperation do not come automatically, simply because America is the only superpower.
17368- Britain is not the only country where ancient rights of habeas corpus, of the inviolability of the person, are to be restricted by new legislation that, for example, extends the permissible length of detention without charge.
17369- Indeed, the union's call for a wholesale boycott contravened its most fundamental values: the principle of academic freedom, openness, and exchange; protection of research from state politics; and the fundamental right to free speech.
17370- But Israel's belief that one more assassination will cause the Palestinians to crumble, and the Palestinian belief that one more suicide attack will cause the Israelis to raise the white flag have led both sides to a dead end.
17371- Association Agreements, although desirable, may not be adequate, as the EU's Balkan experiences indicate.
17372- The challenge for the new biology is to understand how they would.
17373- In short, we know that up to some unknown set of limits, knowledge, institutions, and manufactured capital can substitute for natural resources, so that even if an economy loses some of its natural capital, in quantity or quality, its wealth would increase if it invested sufficiently in other assets.
17374- Even the Sheriff Upholds the Law
17375- -0.3
17376- From now on, the danger of a military comeback will no longer be present to act as a deterrent.
17377- Such products should appeal to homebuyers when the mortgage is first issued.
17378- 
17379- Malaria accounts for roughly three percent of the world's disease burden but attracts just one-sixth of one percent of global R&D outlays in biomedical research, largely because most malaria victims are impoverished and therefore ignored by private industry.
17380- If it had been scheduled for after August 19, there would have been no prospect of fresh elections until 2007, because if the recall won, the vice-president would have taken over.
17381- The entire military philosophy in Russia must be changed.
17382- But real per capita GDP in the US is now three times higher than it was in 1958.
17383- With the help of information, education and mass participation, women and men, have defeated ignorance and the violence that goes with it hand-in-hand.
17384- As inequality deepens, many who fall behind struggle to save face, consuming in order to maintain the appearance of success.
17385- So much for the region's "big four" countries. But bad news is emerging from the smaller countries as well, including the Baltic states.
17386- This has probably cost the world a decade of wasted time in developing a policy to deal with the problem, particularly given that intentional inaction is likely to continue until Bush's term is finished.
17387- The first era was not an unqualified success.
17388- But this useless reaction to the laws of the global market economy hides the fact that Germany's problems are largely a result of an overblown welfare state and extremely aggressive union policies over the last thirty years.
17389- Indeed, if they are successful in bringing about some sort of rapprochement, or even if they only manage to ease the crisis somewhat, their accomplishment will be significant.
17390- But Russia's muscle-flexing behavior leaves Western leaders perplexed and wary, which seems a dubious way for the Kremlin to secure Russia's new stature.
17391- In this way, the terrorists oppose the "purity" and "authenticity" of their arguments to the compromises presumably forced upon religious establishments.
17392- The Perils of Striking Iran
17393- But Russia, Serbia, and Romania probably have a more difficult road ahead in fending off their extremists.
17394- When US Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill visited an AIDS clinic in Soweto, South Africa, doctors told him that they could increase by ten times the number of people treated with AIDS drugs if sufficient money was available.
17395- First a trickle, then a deluge of internally displaced persons arrived.
17396- More than 40% of the largest companies quoted on the Paris stock exchange are in foreign hands.
17397- Bolivia needs leaders who can move the country beyond social wars that translate into stagnation.
17398- It took the courage -- or recklessness, depending on your point of view -- of US Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker to send the world into recession in 1981-2 in order to break the back of inflation.
17399- The opposition to the Nice Treaty was and continues to be a bizarre Irish Stew of pacifism, religion, and socialism, along with some fascinating local eccentricities.
17400- Crippling Coalitions
17401- I believe the answer to both questions to be yes.
17402- In a recent statement about the burning suburbs, Chirac declared: "We will have to draw all the lessons from this crisis, when the time comes and order has been restored, and with a lot of courage and lucidity."
17403- Such temptations are understandable, and need not be animated by improper motives.
17404- One can only hope that the world does not have to go through the same process of pathological learning via high inflation which followed the neglect of money during the fifties and sixties of the last century.
17405- Beginning with Bismarck's social security system in 19
17406- But it is one thing for Saudi Arabia not to join an embargo, and it is another to undercut oil politics by flooding the market in a pro-US move.
17407- Later investigations have shown that the transmitting agent in variant CJD shares identical biological properties with BSE's agent, supporting a causal relationship.
17408- In 1988, Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani -- the supposed "moderate" candidate in Iran's recent presidential election -- spelled out what that meant in an address to the Revolutionary Guards Corps.
17409- Meanwhile, China, a country with more than ten times Mexico's population, managed to grow spectacularly in this period.
17410- Beyond states, the world's many NGOs are growing fast and multiplying in their influence, but without formal rules to define their role in the international system.
17411- The most extensive transplants of law took place when Europe's empires spanned the globe.
17412- All these issues have now become part of the national debate.
17413- The facts speak for themselves.
17414- Kenya's Mau Mau war delivered independence in 1963; the Algerian revolution liberated that country in 1962; anti-colonial wars in Angola, Mozambique, and Guinea-Bissau destroyed the Portuguese empire in 1974; the anti-UDI struggle in Rhodesia (Zimbabwe) ended white rule; and the anti-apartheid struggle in South Africa finally triumphed against the apartheid racial order.
17415- On the scale of atomic dimensions, Feynman pointed out, all 24 volumes of the Encyclopedia Britannica could fit on the head of a pin.
17416- "The field is my office," she says.
17417- Or, in the words of Abba Eban, it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity. How the Palestinians respond depends largely on how the Palestinian body politic deals with the growing power of Palestinian Islamic movements, which undoubtedly expect a significant share of power in post-withdrawal Gaza. Will armed groups resume their fight against Israel, or will the Palestinian Authority act to defuse or combat the attacks?
17418- Or do they practice old style populism?
17419- When an open and well functioning market system is in place, democracy has a much better chance to lead to lasting prosperity. 
17420- But a country does not fail of its own volition, nor is it weakened by unknown causes.
17421- Secretary Powell replied that the US had used hard power to win World War II, but he continued: "What followed immediately after hard power?
17422- Moreover, only new strides towards disarmament by the big nuclear powers, and a guarantee of access to technology and know-how under international control, can stop the trend toward "nuclear sovereignty."
17423- First, Europe and South America are more dominant than four years ago and remain the unchallenged great powers of international soccer.
17424- When Germany was occupied, the old regime's defeat was total, utterly beyond dispute.
17425- During its first term, the Bush administration hoped that it could solve the North Korean nuclear problem through regime change.
17426- The oil fund accumulates surpluses and incurs deficits when the price of oil is above or below the average.
17427- In the EU, the cost of these and related mental health problems is estimated to average 3-4% of GNP, amounting to approximately 265 billion euros annually.
17428- With average yearly GDP growth of 2.2% from 1995 to 2005 it fell short of the non-Scandinavian countries of the EU-15, which grew by 2.8% on average.
17429- The antidote is a genuine sharing of choices and decisions.
17430- If anti-doping authorities truly care about sports, then they have a responsibility to re-examine the basic values that underpin their work.
17431- Nevertheless, electronic eavesdropping without court authorization, of the sort Bush ordered starting in 2002, played a particularly important part in Nixon's downfall.
17432- One year ago, in Maputo, Mozambique, for example, African health ministers declared TB a "regional emergency" and lined up behind a new "Global Plan to Stop TB," which includes specific targets and guidelines for addressing TB/HIV co-infection.
17433- In grim detail, his letter described the bloody mayhem that the slaughter brought to his hospital and the hysteria of ordinary people as they arrived to find children and loved ones dead.
17434- The rapidly developing nanomaterials industry is the nanotechnology that is most likely to affect our lives first.
17435- On the other hand, the cozy relationship that now exists between Jordan and Saddam must be addressed, with all sensitivity to Jordan's dilemmas.
17436- This rising violence is also a wake-up call for the West, highlighting the need for a new Euro-Atlantic strategy in a vitally important region that lies at the crossroads of Europe, Eurasia, and the Middle East.
17437- Moreover, rising gasoline prices have called attention to the shortcomings of the Bush administration's energy policy, which includes recently passed legislation that contains inadequate requirements for energy conservation.  The press, meanwhile, has reported on speculation about the relationship between warmer ocean waters and the frequency of severe hurricanes, thus highlighting the low priority that the administration has given to environmental problems in general and global climate change in particular.
17438- But the parliament he has in mind is a mutant, one where the authoritarian rule of the criminal clans Kuchma controls will continue, unabated, behind the facade of parliamentary procedure.
17439- Although All4Syria's Internet site was recently blocked for unspecified reasons, the newsletter continues to be circulated and Mr. Abdul Nour moves in his usual circles unmolested.
17440- Moreover, the Federal Reserve did not feel free to expand the money supply at the time because the US adhered to the gold standard.
17441- Most of all, the enlarged Union needs a constitutional and institutional framework that fits its ambitions.
17442- Indonesia also risks deadlock if, as seems likely, the election on September 20 produces a president from a different party than the one that controls parliament.
17443- China apologists claim that the 1998 EU Code of Conduct on Arms Exports is sufficient to limit arms sales.
17444- But Musharraf has good reasons to talk out of both sides of his mouth at this stage.
17445- The direction the country will take in the longer term can best be assessed by whom Abdullah chooses to name as the successor to Prince Sultan, Naif's chief ally who has already been named Abdullah's heir.
17446- In Japan, there seems little hope that the world's second-largest economy can extricate itself from its homemade deflation trap to generate the demand needed to offset economic weakness elsewhere in the world.
17447- Although Iraqis remain angry about the violence in their country, this anger has not undermined their sense of national identity.
17448- The manufacture of electrical products, such as chips and passive devices, has quite often been shifted completely to Asia, while even automobiles that are still assembled in Germany rely heavily on components produced in Eastern Europe.
17449- This helps to explain the growing fashion for currency boards and even full-scale dollarization, particularly in countries where weak political institutions or a history of rampant inflation undermined policy credibility.
17450- This is why we feel obligated to call on the highest levels of the international community -- including the UN Security Council -- to address the question of Burma, for we must show that we are serious about peace, democracy, and human rights. The courageous people of Burma, like people everywhere around the world, deserve what far too many of us take for granted.
17451- The Committee initially found Lomborg guilty of much the same error that he had alleged of the ecologists.
17452- At one moment he is the "responsible" world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate Islam; at the next, he is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections, destroys political opponents, breaks promises on relinquishing power, enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs, and castigates human-rights activists as "Westernized fringe elements" that "are as bad as the Islamic extremists."
17453- The Middle East is a tinderbox, with some key players on all sides waiting for every opportunity to destroy their enemies with bullets, bombs and missiles.
17454- In the US, the two-day Federal Open Market Committee meeting on June 29-30 is likely to mark a major turning point, reversing the steady decline of the benchmark federal funds rate since Alan Greenspan began loosening monetary policy in 2001.
17455- Africa's slow growth, say American leaders, is caused by Africa's poor governance.
17456- It is not an accident that virtually every public move Iran's government has made in the international arena over the past year has added risk to energy markets.
17457- Iraq's Half Step
17458- We can end it in December 2002. 1945 brought peace and freedom - but only to some of us.
17459- Since its inception in 1991, GEF funding has declined by almost 10 % as a share of the combined GDP of the 38 contributing nations;
17460- The third most serious problem is to put the US government's General Fund budget on a sustainable basis, so that the non-Social Security government can finance itself and meet its commitments after the date -- around 2020 -- when it can no longer borrow from the Social Security Trust Fund.
17461- Several friends of mine in the Conservative party's parliamentary group have long been engaged in supporting a free Taiwan.
17462- President Bush recklessly put a tax cut for the rich above all other economic concerns.
17463- Europe is, moreover, the continent with the slowest rate of economic growth in the world.
17464- It also rounded up, jailed, and deported hundreds of aliens in an anti-terrorist drive none of whose targets was shown to have any link to terrorism.
17465- Moreover, being a woman is a great asset.
17466- The World Bank and other institutions considering assistance through loans face even greater difficulties.
17467- This means that China must treat climate change and intelligent energy use as priorities in its national policies.
17468- Most importantly, the ultimate sources of the housing boom -- the beliefs about capitalism and future economic growth -- seem solidly entrenched.
17469- If similarly shameful disclosures multiply, as I believe they will, let us at least hope that official apologies and condemnations may finally give way to wider, more genuine accountability and reform.
17470- It is still difficult to fathom why the No vote attracted so much support, even given widespread apathy.
17471- Today, this reserve army of peasants is creating the most serious political conflicts seen in Poland since communism's fall as the country seeks membership in the European Union.
17472- Now it hints that it may resume enrichment, and recent press reports about the imports from Pakistan suggest Iran failed to disclose everything to the IAEA.
17473- The dam will have its uses.
17474- Intolerance and fundamentalism form one choice for Muslims, but Islam has always had to contend with the question of secularism and the need for religious tolerance, as is evident from the ongoing reformist ferment in theocratic Iran.
17475- The November 21 referendum marks another pivotal step towards consolidating Kenya's transition to a real democracy.
17476- The formalistic civil-law systems that prevail in continental Europe supposedly provide inadequate protection, so ownership remains concentrated.
17477- Woe to any poor country that follows US dictates.
17478- This is not a universal prescription for ethnically homogenous states.
17479- Still, when the fighting was over, the bombing stopped for good, and out of the tanks came people who were intent on creating democratic conditions and capable of doing so.
17480- Relations between the United States and Iran have been officially non-existent since a group of radical students stormed the US embassy in Teheran -- 25 years ago this week -- taking sixty six Americans hostage for 444 days.
17481- Yet, even if everyone (including the United States) lived up to the protocol's rules, and stuck to it throughout the century, the change would be almost immeasurable, postponing warming for just six years in 2100.
17482- Unfortunately, however, when the main beneficiaries are the poor, corporations are powerful, and governments are weak or corrupt, good environmental practices are far from guaranteed.
17483- What happened to them was unimaginable until, through deliberate action, it became real.
17484- We need to find ways to address the lack of a real freedom of expression for women in so many societies and, at the same, time to redress damage done to those victimized by female genital mutilation.
17485- Of course, the USSR instigated the war in tandem with Adolf Hitler, but its responsibility is undeniable.
17486- Today's global war against terrorism permits this approach to be modified to create new divisions.
17487- Growing inequality would not be such a problem if governments could simply raise taxes on the rich and strengthen subsidies to the poor.
17488- The US, for its part, is unhappy with the government's objections to unrestricted American use of the Incirlik airbase in southeastern Turkey, as well as by recent tensions with Israel.
17489- It is up them to say Yes or No to the Treaty of Nice.
17490- Russia's regime, by contrast, is animated by money, not ideology.
17491- It appears that long-term climate change is leading to lower rainfall not only in Sudan, but also in much of Africa just south of the Sahara Desert -- an area where life depends on the rains, and where drought means death.
17492- But, despite flourishing rhetoric about promoting democracy, promoting it is still not backed with concrete plans of action.
17493- In countries where governments are deficient, there are often alternative ways of providing assistance, including NGO's.
17494- The Catholic Church has abandoned its anti-Jewish teachings, but this does not that mean that the culture engendered by Christianity can easily redefine its premises.
17495- Many cases of investment advice do not reflect an attempt to assess market trends but rather the commercial interests of their firms, which aim to sell the shares of their corporate clients.
17496- Wages rose rapidly and most Germans experienced growing prosperity.
17497- Those who advocate leaving globalization exclusively in the hands of the private sector may resent the idea of vesting tax-raising authority in a global agency.
17498- But the story didn't end when police officers managed to talk him down.
17499- If so, it could mark not only Brazil's economic ascendancy but also the recovery of other parts of South America.
17500- To improve the economy we will direct lending to manufacturing and entrepreneurial activity, protect the right to honestly earned and legally acquired property, rebuild savings, and stimulate scientific-technical innovation and investment.
17501- Starving Myanmar's economy is unlikely to help, but it is certain to deepen the suffering of its people.
17502- Of course, I do not fear some sort of military clash between Turkey and the EU.
17503- They cast any criticism of Saddam as a willingness to accept American aggression.
17504- Consider Germany. Any economic textbook will tell you (the famous "life-cycle" model) that the young save for their retirement, while the old spend what they accumulate.
17505- Devaluing Life
17506- As a result, it gave only hints of the counterterrorism strategy to come.
17507- But, while no central bank governor can ensure economic prosperity, mismanagement can cause enormous harm.
17508- Likewise, micro-credit schemes throughout the developing world have provided finance for the poor to expand their economic enterprise, with repayment rates that are truly impressive.
17509- Depictions of animals, human beings, and other natural features do not occur in the three records - Africa, Europe, and the Near East - before 40,000-30,000 years ago, and they appear much later in some areas than others.
17510- I said that Pakistan would inevitably follow suit and the world would become less safe.
17511- Again I look over Central Park.
17512- 
17513- Crass tribalism now threatens to overwhelm all that unites us in our common care for our children, our planet, and our future.
17514- One is the fact that crude oil now sells at $75 a barrel.
17515- But fears of ``enemies within,'' such as Russia's Pasko, or the French, British, and other European Muslims who fought alongside the Taliban, are also gaining ground.
17516- The End of Treason (or the Beginning?)
17517- Those who cherish free political systems and free economic systems share similar hopes.
17518- The challenge now is to break this pattern and turn today's opportunity into reality.
17519- Growth requires financial institutions that lend to domestic firms.
17520- The boost to wealth provided by the "new economy" is exceeding even its most avid boosters' wildest dreams.
17521- During my first post-1989 trip to China, a bartender introduced me to a phrase that perfectly characterized the new official mood: "Meiyou yundong, shenme dou keyi" (As long as there are no political movements, anything goes).
17522- Neither the G7, the IMF nor the World Bank will pay it off.
17523- In most parts of China, farming can no longer sustain a respectable standard of living.
17524- It will allay the growing tensions between Christianity and Islam fueled by international terrorism and knee-jerk nationalism.
17525- Advocates of discriminatory measures often charge their opponents with stifling legitimate criticism of Israel.
17526- Far more needs to be done.
17527- They began to study religion alone, insisting that only those who study religion -- particularly Islamic jurisprudence -- gain merit in the afterlife.
17528- The US, in particular, could intensify its pursuit of bilateral deals, by which it is able to impose increasingly inappropriate policy priorities on smaller nations.
17529- Children often play a game where they sit in a circle.
17530- Because of the mess Mr. Kuchma has made of the economy, our thirst for Russian energy is not matched by an ability to pay the bill for these imports.
17531- No one can now foretell how long the US will be engaged in Uzbekistan, or whether America will extend its reach deeper into Central Asia.
17532- The institutional framework responsible for Euroland's poor economic performance may improve, or capital markets may become more volatile, making the cost of bearing exchange rate risks intolerable.
17533- There are three classic models of democratic executives: pure parliamentarism, as in Britain; semi-presidentialism, as in Charles De Gaulle's French Fifth Republic; and pure presidentialism, as in the US.
17534- Although local Muslim leaders have since criticized Hilaly's attitude, the incident again raises the question of attitudes regarding sex in "orthodox" communities, and how they can be reconciled with prevailing norms in the West.
17535- Only with inter-connection in the 1990's, above all through the Internet, did the PC realize its potential.
17536- The world's attention has been focused on the war on Iraq. But another war--this one UN-sanctioned--has been going on simultaneously: the war on drugs.
17537- Finding and destroying terrorists' capacity to commit these inhuman outrages is essential, still, military actions -- especially those bringing death and destruction to innocent civilians -- must remain a last, not first resort.
17538- After all, a new division of wealth could occur only in the wake of a revolution that would disturb his hold on power.
17539- With the credibility of Chinese economic policy continuing to be based on the fixed exchange rate, any flotation must be part of a larger program of reform.
17540- Western media judged the election a failure.
17541- Many types of natural capital, however, have not been included: fresh water, soil, forests as providers of ecosystem services, and the atmosphere as a sink for such pollution as particulates and nitrogen and sulphur oxides.
17542- Created in the postwar world of 1945, they reflect realities that have long ceased to exist.
17543- A nation hopelessly beaten in every battle of the war, one army captured and the other overwhelmingly routed, with a navy swept from the seas that dictated her own terms to the victor.''
17544- It is hyperbole when activists call such movements "the world's other superpower," yet governments ignore them at their peril.
17545- Moreover, trade in agricultural products will benefit US exporters more than Central American farmers.
17546- Europe and Japan have also avoided the financial contributions to AIDS control that could keep millions of HIV-infected Africans alive.
17547- As a result, "there can be no genuinely honest and friendly dialogue with those countries that suffered considerable damage and casualties in the wars with Japan."
17548- Wages throughout the economy have soared, with the average increase likely to hit a whopping 6% this year.
17549- Similarly, the Paper proposes that the self-employed should be admitted after an evaluation of their business plans.
17550- If Russia and the other countries that opposed America's Iraq policy in the Security Council really wanted to convince the US not to attack Iraq and to defend international law, it was a naive policy doomed to failure.
17551- Defense spending is 1.6% of GDP in Germany, 2% in Italy, and 1.5% in Spain; only France and the UK reach 3%.
17552- 0.8
17553- A final parallel is that the winning campaigns in all three votes were catalyzed by populist appeals against an entrenched elite and, less explicitly but unmistakably, against foreign intrusion or influence.
17554- Moreover, fuses lit in the colonial era could re-ignite, as they have done, to everyone's surprise, between Ethiopia and Eritrea, where war broke out over a colonial border that Italy's occupiers had failed to define with precision.
17555- These voters also complain about crime, and of the deteriorating quality of life in their cities.
17556- A lot has been happening in Yugoslavia recently, much of it surprising.
17557- Some Americans argued that the US no longer needed allies.
17558- Most accession candidates now send more exports to the EU than Greece, Portugal, and Spain did when they entered the EU and EMU.
17559- Today, satellite dishes are ubiquitous in Iraq as well.
17560- For example, women without "hijab" and a chaperone may not leave their homes; shops shall not advertise the sale of sanitary pads or undergarments; hair-removing creams and lotions may not be sold; use of perfume and makeup will be banned; women will not be allowed to use male tailors; male doctors may not treat women patients; women guests at hotels will not be allowed in the swimming pool; coeducation has been identified as a cause of fornication and is to be phased out; family planning shall be declared un-Islamic, and the sale of contraceptives banned.
17561- In early 1998, when I was chief economist of the World Bank, I debated the US Treasury and the IMF concerning Russia.
17562- Even in the heyday of the welfare state, service provision was precisely what lay behind academia's appeal to policymakers. The public would pay higher taxes because either they or their children might qualify for a course of study that would improve their job prospects, or because researchers' discoveries might improve the quality of life.
17563- In the Congo, the profits of mining companies helped maintain the late President Mobuto of Zaire, now the Congo, in power for decades--enabling him to pillage his country, allegedly facilitated by the secret bank accounts that are the specialty of countries like Switzerland, the Cayman Islands, and Cyprus.
17564- They need therefore to be evaluated in terms of exposures and reactions to stress, the incidence and prevalence of ill health, and the quality and quantity of goods or services.
17565- Today, the domestic security vacuum in Iraq is so profound that it calls into question whether the war is really over.
17566- This should have eased fears about Brazil's future. So far, it hasn't.
17567- These agreements are hailed as great successes, and annual reports summarizing official statistics are published showing that the use of CFC continues to decrease.
17568- Workers, for instance, who have much to lose if the central bank pursues an excessively tight policy, do not have a seat at the table.
17569- Others, like Australia and South Korea, come from farther afield.
17570- It is far too soon to draw hard and fast conclusions.
17571- Why Castro Survives
17572- More debt relief -- encompassing more countries and more debt (including bilateral debt) -- is needed.
17573- Five years after President Bush called Iraq, Iran, and North Korea an "axis of evil," developments in these countries remain depressing.
17574- Hamas and Fatah at the Crossroads
17575- There will always be ways to strengthen our work so that we provide well-articulated advice based on a clear understanding and the best analysis of each country.
17576- On the European project, she is as committed to integration as her predecessors have been.
17577- This money should be administered at arms-length from government to ensure that it is not constrained by diplomatic pressures.
17578- But let's be clear: failure to address the problem could have disastrous consequences.
17579- Not only would it add to anti-American attitudes and fail to accomplish its objectives, but it over-estimates the extent to which the new Europe is being formed in opposition to the US. Whatever the rhetoric in France, for example, the policies and attitudes in countries such as Britain or Poland demonstrate that good trans-Atlantic relations can be maintained.
17580- Brown is exactly right: let's put Africa and other impoverished regions on a path of sustained economic growth by frontloading the aid during the period until 2015.
17581- Multinational companies were a driving force in Eastern Europe's postcommunist transition, bringing new skills, technology, training, and better working conditions.
17582- Moreover, assemblers aren't the only way to manipulate things on an atomic scale.
17583- Europe and President Bush
17584- We should thank you instead.
17585- The same is true of dealing with so-called "rogue States": here again, a better combination of US and European strategies could produce a more effective approach, based on a blend of engagement and resolve.
17586- Yet, there should be no doubt that the Bush administration is beginning the research and development of new nuclear weapons.
17587- Politics and economics are in fact inextricably linked here: the erosion of the middle classes, which accompanied the rise of a few enormously wealthy oligarchs, and the descent of millions into poverty, made creation of a democratic society and the rule of law much more difficult.
17588- Indeed, the precipitating factor in Bolivia's collapse was a plan to export natural gas to the US through archrival Chile, a country deeply resented since the War of the Pacific in the late 19
17589- It suggested, instead, that the army should play a secondary role in anti-terrorist operations.
17590- In the 1940's, Vannevar Bush, a dean at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and science advisor to President Roosevelt, advocated the creation of a government agency that would dramatically expand the impact of peer review by using it to allocate significant financial support to research enterprises.
17591- Indeed, the task that Abbas faces will become impossible if the Israeli policy of "targeted killings" is allowed to continue while Palestinian leaders are working seriously to put an end to acts of violence against Israelis.
17592- Only by restoring our partnership can we hope to keep our Orange Revolution's promises.
17593- The Party has moved far from its old Leninist ideals, as it seeks support nowadays through a witch's brew of Russian nationalism, hyper-orthodox Christianity, and "state Stalinism."
17594- He or she must of course be given the necessary means to perform this task.
17595- Now some voices in the United States and elsewhere are proposing military action against Iran.
17596- Am I merely a veteran wistfully reminiscing about the old days of struggle?
17597- Europol is performing a similar function with material derived from police work, and we are working to ensure synergy between these two efforts.
17598- Those who hope for further progress on economic reforms in Central Europe will have to wait.
17599- Followers promptly destroyed 150 billboards in Moscow.
17600- To be sure, China remains a poor country.
17601- One alternative, called "parliamentarized presidentialism," retains direct presidential elections, which many societies still demand.
17602- If America can grow as fast as it is now, that is very good news for other, less-developed economies, especially since one powerful effect of ongoing technological revolutions in computers and communications is to make it much easier to participate in the global division of labor now centered in the US.
17603- It also impairs the UN's ability to deal with the most important problems of today's international environment.
17604- Whatever John Kerry does about Latin America if he is elected President of the United States in November, the election could initiate a sea-change in US-Latin American relations - even or perhaps mainly if George W. Bush is reelected.
17605- Banknotes expire.
17606- Roughly half as many learn French, a quarter German and an eighth Spanish, and these numbers are falling, despite the Commission's efforts, because people tend to choose the foreign language that they believe is spoken and studied the most by others.
17607- Religious and sociopolitical associations fear that their global ties will be severed and their existence threatened if their counterparts abroad are declared subversive in mainland China.
17608- Some warned that the rejection of the European Constitution in the French and the Dutch referendums, combined with the summit's decision effectively to suspend the ratification process and its failure to agree on EU finances, could trigger a serious political crisis in the EU.
17609- Europe, too, will not grow that quickly any time soon.
17610- Trapped in barren land where survival was difficult, the overwhelming forces of Muslim warlords wiped them out.
17611- Neither of them have been able to say how this should be done.
17612- But, ultimately, the best way to address them and prevent their resurgence is to make sure that economic opportunities are available to those who are determined to try.
17613- Reform cannot succeed in the midst of a conflict that bolsters extremists and hatred.
17614- In Taba, Palestinian and Israeli negotiators were very close to agreement on all the major issues early in 2001.
17615- One hundred churches and monasteries have been razed.
17616- But no matter the color and the dress, we are reminded of what in other times and places used to be called fascism.
17617- According to the rules of national income accounting, in the absence of market prices, the contribution of the government sector to GDP is measured by the wages paid out by the government, regardless of how productive or useful the government jobs are.
17618- But instead of turning to philosophy, they are using drugs and surgery.
17619- Donor Funds are Needed for Poverty, Not Iraq
17620- In that sense, Europe has but modest capabilities.
17621- Although each of the notable failures involved a different type of bridge, in no case was the structure radically new.
17622- Certainly, China, India, and some other emerging countries are developing fast.
17623- The Discreet Terror of Fidel Castro
17624- No serious negotiations can take place and no results can last if one party vetoes the representatives of the other side.
17625- But holding 300 Lebanese and nearly 10,000 Palestinians -- all of the first group and many of the second group without charge or trial -- has proven to be a major source of irritation to the Arab peoples of the region.
17626- The economics profession bears part of the blame for this.
17627- False.
17628- Americans cannot do anything they want, but little can be done without US leadership or active participation.
17629- Within the anti-reform coalition, those who favor redistribution, typically young and on the political left, thus often join retirees and older workers.
17630- But there is a second, more fundamental, part to any viable compromise: a redefinition of transatlantic relations.
17631- Until then, all means are legitimate when fighting a powerful and wicked enemy.
17632- Later this year, in Prague, NATO's leaders may also give the green light to the next group of new members.
17633- All of this can be decided at the next European Council, even before the constitutional problem is resolved.
17634- To join such an international force under these conditions would be irresponsible.
17635- Internet monitoring is also behind the constant rise in the number of Falun Gong practitioners executed by the state -- a total of 1,692 as of April 18.
17636- In October, one day after President George W. Bush was booed in Australia's parliament, Chinese President Hu Jintao received a standing ovation from the same parliamentarians.
17637- Bush's proposal is full of holes, and Fox should figure out how to fill them.
17638- But when it does end, the speed with which the capital flow turns around takes everyone--even fundamentals-watching economists--by surprise.
17639- Though conceived in early Muslim history as a means of spreading God's word, Muslim scholars today distinguish between two kinds of jihad -- one being an internal struggle against temptation, and the other a physical conflict against an aggressor who threatens the survival or the fundamental rights of a Muslim community.
17640- And yet, even with damage to infrastructure such as road and rail links, the tsunamis' overall economic impact is expected to be minor.
17641- We know China has doubled and redoubled its defense budget for, among other things, a massive weapons development program, including modernizing a deterrent and second-strike nuclear capability.
17642- The alternative is for government to write down public debt and bank deposits, giving creditors and depositors "hair cuts."
17643- But these institutions reflect the political power of social forces, not the differences between civil-law and common-law systems.
17644- Or we can simply provide them with a concise but meaty expert explanation.
17645- The lesson that Schroeder drew was to insist that Germany could no longer be taken for granted and would demand a role commensurate to its size and weight. Self-assertion became the watchword of German foreign policy.
17646- Failure to recognize the political aspect of the issue will insure defeat and the continuance of a violent practice that abuses millions of women each year.
17647- For all the theorizing of Plato and Marx, the family seems to prevail unless other social institutions counteract or supersede it.
17648- Instead of introducing a WTO rule prohibiting child labor, we ought to provide resources for universal primary education.
17649- There would be a presumption against public intervention and the burden of proof on the need for it--at any level of government--would be shifted to its advocates.
17650- So the end result of the partnership between France and its former African colonies has been spectacularly lopsided.
17651- Indeed, surges of organized anger when China is attacked or insulted are hardly new.
17652- Their position goes beyond political philosophy.
17653- The natural remedies for these pathologies are claimed to be economic openness and improved governance.
17654- It was also strengthened by the regime's activities in the 1980's, when it created Hezbollah as a guerilla organization in Lebanon, thereby expanding its domination over the most important Shiite areas in the region.
17655- Facing economic stagnation and what Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei calls "the anarchy of weapons," a succession struggle is the last thing Palestinians need.
17656- A powerful president, however, is not necessarily wrong for Ukraine. In our wrenching postcommunist transition, it is essential that a government can act decisively.
17657- Today, Japanese spy satellites closely observe North Korea's nuclear sites.
17658- But perhaps he knows better.
17659- As we saw in the Gulf War, the risk of damage to oil refineries raised spot prices dramatically: $40 back then.
17660- In fact, the most important capitalist mechanisms for blunting the impact of risk on individuals--insurance, diversification, and hedging--have been around for centuries.
17661- As I traveled around the island admiring its ancient capitals, notably the ones sacked by Tamil kings, and Buddhist shrines set up to counter the impact of Hinduism, I began to understand the traumas endured by the Sinhalese.
17662- The sickness in postcommunist societies seemed to demand new leaders.
17663- Second, the EU is the only natural American ally in terms of values.
17664- But a bitter power struggle between Sri Lanka's President Chandrika Kumaratunga and Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe, and a schism among the rebel Tamil tigers, now threatens to reignite the violence.
17665- Many who agree that Milosevic is a war criminal now think that we should listen to the voices coming from Belgrade and their cry that Milosevic should face trial before his own people.
17666- In Liberia, for example, he signed 13 agreements and violated them all.
17667- Today, the most important issue facing Nato concerns whether or not to admit the Baltic states -- Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania -- now, after some delay, or never.
17668- Of course, constitutions are not meant to protect the status quo if the status quo is rotten.
17669- The day will come, however, when the balance tips the other way.
17670- Turkey also shows that the supposed clash between democracy and security -- and, indeed, between democracy and Islam -- can be reconciled.
17671- They should be.
17672- Indeed, heightened emotionality prompts the brain to produce information consonant with that emotional state.
17673- If designed badly, the cost of such agreements -- in terms of trade diversion, confusion, and demands on limited administrative capacity -- often exceeds the benefits.
17674- But Rivero stayed.
17675- Because the shipment arrived late, trucks and trains that had been at hand were reassigned.
17676- They may overemphasize the likelihood of economic success ("I will be making a lot more money in a few years") and underemphasize the commonplace problems that regularly challenge family budgets ("I will be losing my job or getting a divorce").
17677- In his speech on February 1, King Gyanendra said the Nepali people would have to temporarily give up democracy in order to save democracy, and many Nepalese will go along with that, at least for a while.
17678- The point about George W. Bush's first term was that despite grumblings and continued vocal opposition, the result of the election of 2000 was generally accepted.
17679- That 0.5% is all that is left for job growth, because that's all the job growth required to meet demand given the remarkably strong rate of growth of productivity.
17680- This suggests that a majority of Germans still do not yet perceive economic weakness as more important than other, more short-term issues.
17681- His goal of building a profitable lending business seems to have reflected his desire to believe in the trustworthiness of his clients.
17682- Chaos and violence in Iraq has strengthened the notion that insurgencies cannot be defeated and so must be appeased.
17683- Finally, in choosing between multilateral and unilateral tactics, Americans must consider the effects of the decision on its soft power, which can be destroyed by excessive unilateralism and arrogance.
17684- At the UN Conference on Environment and Development in Rio de Janeiro it was agreed that, "efforts should be undertaken towards the greening of the world."
17685- In today's complex financial economies, representing workers' interests is not so simple as battling with management for a bigger share of the pie.
17686- Was George W. Bush the legitimately elected President of the United States in his first term, having gained office only after America's Supreme Court ordered an end to the Florida recount and with Bush having secured only a minority of the votes nationwide?
17687- Most of these countries also support a series of UN resolutions that call for eliminating female genital mutilation.
17688- At the end of the EU summit in Brussels on Monday--a meeting held to bridge the growing schism over the Union's policy on Iraq--French President Jacques Chirac committed a diplomatic blunder that rivaled US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's snide remarks about "old and new Europe."
17689- Indeed, in key respects depression is comparable to Cushing's disease, a disorder cause by excessive production of cortisol.
17690- Scientists increasingly believe that global warming will be accompanied by larger climatic disturbances.
17691- But in the end, Israel will also have to make a choice, because peace will require Israeli concessions, not just compromises from the Palestinians.
17692- But real tax cuts also mean spending cuts and, as elections loom barely a year from now, it is too late.
17693- Of course, a situation where GNP increases while wealth declines can't last forever.
17694- It does not want to prosecute the Guantánamo detainees in federal courts, but it is unlikely that it can prosecute them under the law of war as interpreted in the Hamdan decision.
17695- Similarly, new reserves "discovered" by Shell to enable it to press a claim for the Reserves Addition Bonus was a key source of company profits until 1999, when a new government reviewed the Memorandum of Understanding.
17696- In reality, however, the election is a straightforward fight between Obasanjo, a born-again Christian from the Yoruba southwest, and Buhari, an ascetic Muslim from the Hausa-Fulani-dominated north.
17697- A few months ago, Evo Morales became Bolivia‘s first democratically elected indigenous head of state.
17698- Given the institutional paralysis built into Japan's political system, it is difficult to see who will undertake this task.
17699- In fact, many emerging markets experienced declines in investment rates.
17700- For then we are simply saying that God meets God's standards.
17701- On the contrary, since 2005, the FARC has been escalating its attacks.
17702- But the balance of risks has shifted over the past few years.
17703- It is the duty of governments on both sides of the Atlantic to persuade their publics of this.
17704- I felt as if I could perhaps fall into a relationship with him that might work against the interests of the locals in Namibia. I could picture doing that, and he and I would be natural allies, if I let it happen.
17705- But another recent study done in the UK showed that research conducted in several countries was uniformly favorable to acupuncture as a treatment for the damage caused by stroke.
17706- It is thus also a challenge to those of us living in more fortunate circumstances.
17707- Educating young Malawians, especially girls, and making contraceptives widely available, would do much more to slow population growth than a few inter-country adoptions.
17708- Continued surveillance and infection control measures will be required to ensure that the accomplishments of the last few months are not undone by a few undetected cases that touch off new SARS hot spots.
17709- A sense of belonging to Europe, to Western civilization, always dominated the Estonian mind.
17710- It becomes harder to maintain good university-based research because of the demands of other parts of the education budget.
17711- This strategy, not one of deferred entry, promises the most for both the EU's current and its future members.
17712- Indeed, irresponsible criticism - the eagerness to expose and publicize a problem, unmatched by the willingness to propose feasible solutions - is perhaps the most common form of dishonesty in politics.
17713- But then stagflation--the combination of weak economic growth and inflation--set in, in the late 1970's.
17714- To many, "presidentialism" sounds like the American constitution; but those who suspect in today's trend another facet of the Americanization of Europe are wrong.
17715- New data from the 1990s confirms earlier studies that there is little or no evidence that economic growth is associated with increases in income inequality as measured by national household surveys.
17716- The vote supported those who felt that "those who make wise decisions are more formidable to their enemies than those who rush madly into strong action."
17717- Indeed, with the main exception of France, the euro does not seem to have been a blessing for the countries that adopted it.
17718- Such secretiveness--rooted in fear of humiliation--has been the Chinese Communist Party's traditional response to bad news.
17719- The question of how the international community should deal with Saddam Hussein, Iraq's ruthless dictator, is rightly the year's dominant theme.
17720- Meanwhile, world leaders are debating what if anything should be done.
17721- -4.2
17722- Yet the Asian countries' economies have tended to grow much faster over the past generation.
17723- That flaw infects the heart of the ``One Country, Two Systems'' notion: the idea that genuine autonomy can exist in a country whose supreme leaders do not believe in rule by consent.
17724- First and foremost, mayors should be mobilized as mediators, because they are on the front line in implementing urban policy.
17725- For the use of force to be necessary, it must yield a direct military advantage that contributes to thwarting the aggression.
17726- It is not that there is "too much" saving around the world today, but that the amount of saving has been high enough that returns, as measured by real interest rates, are a lot lower than they once were.
17727- Moreover, the US still has a powerful weapon because other countries hold so many dollars: the current estimate is that 46% of US Treasury bonds are held overseas.
17728- Khrushchev, for example, was stunned when he discovered that in the 1930's and 1940's, some 70% of Party members were annihilated.
17729- Of 442 respondents, 11% answered, "Yes, I worry a lot," 36% replied, "Yes, I worry a little," and 52% said, "No, I don't worry at all."
17730- They reflect sensible investments that the government intends to pursue.
17731- These initiatives -- particularly efforts to strengthen the IMF's surveillance function and the so-called "exceptional access framework" -- must now be locked in and implemented consistently.
17732- People, people, people."
17733- Wildlife may fare better than the physical environment.
17734- Most economists agree that high levels of employment protection merely hold down the creation of new jobs rather than reduce joblessness.
17735- Our appeal is for preventive diplomacy rather than pre-emptive strikes.
17736- O Brasil, país grande " is a universal slogan in South America's giant -- a country that has borders with nine neighbors and fears that its distant jungle frontiers cannot easily be patrolled.
17737- The Egyptians had an excellent war plan and fought well, and Syrian tanks advanced boldly, attacking in wave after wave for three days and nights.
17738- Finally, the Bush administration must ratify the Kyoto Protocol, in order to allow both global firms and Bolivian community entrepreneurs to create yet more rainforest ranches and other creative initiatives that reduce poverty, harbor biodiversity, and cool a warming world.
17739- It should become a principle of international relations that democracy and democratization must be supported in all situations; that democratic societies should forego any opportunistic benefits that may come from supporting the enemies of democracy.
17740- But it needs great doctrinal clarity, a firm political will, and a constitution.
17741- This change in relative costs can release a country from the trap of poverty, setting the stage for a demographic transition and economic advancement.
17742- When the United States declared war against terrorism, Bush administration officials characterized Indonesia as a strategic partner in the struggle against terrorism.
17743- Europe and Russia no longer see themselves as secondary players, because the US, not to mention Israel, needs them.
17744- Speculation on Africa's basic products and raw materials, which has driven down prices for most commodities over the last four decades, might be addressed by creating a mechanism that ties, for an agreed time, the prices of these items to those of industrial goods and services.
17745- A great deal of innocent human life depends on it.
17746- While both India and the US seek trade and good relations with China, both are aware -- and wary -- of China's growing strength.
17747- The first question reflects a long-standing and apparently philosophical dispute between Britain - more accurately, the so-called British financial industry, which comprises almost exclusively non-British firms - and the Continent.
17748- To many, Thai-Myanmar relations are too cozy. Critics accuse Thaksin of conflicts of interest, as his family-owned telecommunications conglomerate holds sizeable investments in Myanmar.
17749- Yet there are a few issues that are common to the unraveling of most ideological dictatorships.
17750- This doesn't mean that all local Muslims have become jihadis.
17751- In Rio, the people who would be isolated are the denizens of the city's vast and crime-infested favelas .
17752- If it declares bankruptcy and refuses to buy back its assets, bankruptcy laws should give the central bank the first claim on the bank's assets.
17753- The judge's visit - and the Chad government's full cooperation - seemed to give the victims courage, however.
17754- Reforms are relatively easier in smaller countries, probably because winners and losers are likely to be personally connected to each other as relatives, neighbors, or friends.
17755- The constitution must be reformed, but not to shift power from one unaccountable leader to another.
17756- Desperate for improvement, its leaders had few choices and limited time to explore other options.
17757- Habré, who brutalized this impoverished country from 1982 to 1990, was then living safely in a seaside villa across the continent in Senegal, enjoying the $14 million he reportedly looted from the treasury on his way into exile.
17758- Whose Champions, Anyway?
17759- In part, it acted because it saw the great powers offering Iran an interesting package of incentives to give up its nuclear enrichment program, while North Korea was being relegated to a diplomatic side track.
17760- To some extent this has happened in Europe.
17761- On exchange rates, for example, it is more sympathetic towards mixed systems - in contrast to the traditional belief that countries must choose between the extremes of a completely flexible system and a hard peg (of the kind that contributed so importantly to Argentina's woes).
17762- We should remember this as we pursue the elusive objective of democracy in Iraq, so that we are not surprised if the upcoming election fails to generate a legitimate government.
17763- It was meant as an alternative to the ever-increasing number of accession rounds, say, involving the countries in the southern Caucasus.
17764- I devised an experiment that allows us to look at whether national loyalties played a role in ECB policy since the euro's inception.
17765- There is a similar question about the perpetrators.
17766- In Afghanistan and Sudan, militants are in control.
17767- With membership achieved and EU money starting to pour in, leaders feel secure enough to let economic policy slip.
17768- The four-month clock began ticking on May 3, following the first meeting of Iraq's new parliament.
17769- So life, at long last, has a higher meaning in the eyes of science - even if serving the second law of thermodynamics is not exactly what the religiously faithful had in mind.
17770- But if Mexico's President Vicente Fox is to benefit from his turn hitting the piñata, he will need to take off the blindfold he wears in public where President Bush is concerned.
17771- Combat capability has fallen to an unprecedented low level.
17772- The most alarming implication of this mode of genetic selection, however, is that only the rich will be able to afford it.
17773- They, and the world at large, are focusing on the succession to President Jiang Zemin and Premier Zhu Rongji.
17774- Meanwhile, the French presidential hopeful, Nicolas Sarkozy, who was associating himself with Merkel and articulating a bold reform program, suddenly seems weak.
17775- The other area is peacekeeping.
17776- Twenty years after Mikhail Gorbachev launched perestroika, many people have come to lament the slow pace of reform in Russia under President Vladimir Putin.
17777- Those talks led ultimately to the dismantling of tariff barriers in ten key sectors.
17778- The Security Council resolution presupposes -- in addition to separating the combatants -- the enforcement of the internal and external sovereignty of Lebanon's elected government of Lebanon, without saying how this is to be accomplished with a politically strengthened Hezbollah, militarily superior to the Lebanese forces.
17779- No more time for nostalgia.
17780- The failure was caused by the absence of appropriate international institutions that would be alert to the broad spectrum of potential disasters.
17781- The decision to go to war against Iraq for a second time, and then to occupy the country in March 2003, transformed this hegemony into direct US responsibility for the future of the Middle East.
17782- First, emigration is no fun.
17783- If one takes the EU as one's term of reference, social solidarity between member states would appear to be not that different from social solidarity between American states.
17784- In such projects, politicians manipulate and buy voters instead of truly representing them.
17785- Success requires diplomacy and patience, and the UN's latest summit continued the march forward in the creation of a community of nations responsible for the well being of all.
17786- Even before attaining EU membership, all candidate countries' governments had to start adopting measures aimed at meeting the Maastricht criteria within several years, because the new members had committed themselves in their accession treaties to adopting the euro.
17787- What we do know about those arrested is as disturbing as the arrests themselves.
17788- The Europeans don't even seem to care very much about the job.
17789- Russia's security forces need to learn to be pro-active, because the terrorists consistently seek to perfect their deadly methods.
17790- Europeans also must admit that effective diplomacy requires not only dialogue and incentives, but credibility -- a willingness to use sanctions and military force, if need be.
17791- It has been said that this global war against extremism will be the task of a generation, a war that could go on for years, much like the Cold War, which lasted for decades.
17792- Few cases are as clear-cut as that of Anneli Jaatteenmaki, whose short-lived stint as Finland's first woman prime minister recently came to an end.
17793- To be the beneficiary of an action is less glorious than to be the benefactor, because it hints at powerlessness and dependence.
17794- The talks ground to a halt in June 2004, when the North Koreans pulled out, citing the allegedly hostile policies of the US and Japanese governments.
17795- A year ago, most pundits argued that this was unsustainable.
17796- Praise for the document's uniqueness will undoubtedly be heard, and in this they won't be boasting, because the EU Constitution is unlike any other constitution ever written.
17797- But it is more likely that 2006 will just be another year of malaise: China's significance within the global economy is still not large enough to offset weaknesses in the rest of the world. America, too, will manage to muddle through again -- leaving even higher levels of debt for the future.
17798- Health ministers will not be able to cope with an increase in infectious diseases due to global warming.
17799- The average income per capita of SSA countries in 2000 was less than half that for all developing countries, about 40% of the level of East Asian and Pacific developing countries, and less than 25% that of Latin America and the Caribbean countries.
17800- A leading journalist, among others, has vanished.
17801- 3.
17802- It could be argued that the greater the power of the judiciary is in a country, the slower the pace of reform becomes.
17803- But the final and most vital lesson of perestroika concerns the pace of reforms and society's expectations.
17804- Some alarmists declare that we need to drastically reduce energy use on a global scale, undermining the global economy.
17805- For if the oligarchs succeed in keeping their ill-gotten gains, it is not hard to imagine someone like Khodorkovsky -- who was already starting to build a political machine alongside his business empire -- cashing in his Yukos shares, parking his wealth in a safe haven offshore, and using it to manipulate Russian politics.
17806- The value of the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and the additional `Protocols' of 1977 is impossible to overestimate.
17807- Even Rumsfeld is trying to be conciliatory!
17808- Thus, South Korea's "sunshine policy" of economic engagement with the North commands majority approval.
17809- Some governments are prepared to give up elements of sovereignty to address the threat of global climate change.
17810- Because the main threats to European security at the beginning of the 21st century stem from that region.
17811- It is a challenge and an opportunity reaching beyond the present day.
17812- This required only the physical separation of the symbols (visualized as a tape) handled by the machine and the machine itself.
17813- The Shia/Sunni schism is so deep that each side condemns followers of the other as apostates, kafir.
17814- In a liberalized capital market, the undiminished risk that the yuan might appreciate means that investors must be compensated by a higher interest rate on dollar assets.
17815- There are two ways Turkey's debt can go.
17816- Nobody would have bet a single euro on such a prospect a few months ago.
17817- The draft EU constitution, which failed in the French and Dutch referenda last year, breathes the spirit of this approach.
17818- Such an unfair distribution of wealth based on economic exploitation, social injustice and political exclusion has caused silent but persistent resistance by Chinese peasants.
17819- No imposed constitution, however elegant it may be, will be very helpful to Coalition forces when confronted with the type of mayhem seen in towns like Fallujah or Najjaf.
17820- It does so in four ways.
17821- The real gap is narrower: it is the Arab world, not Islam, which seems at loggerheads with democracy.
17822- But the answer to such doubt and dismay is more Europe, not less.
17823- Survey after survey show that most Turks believe in God and identify themselves as Muslims.
17824- But Orwell's critique doesn't help in explaining the CCP's surprising ability to retain power long after the demise of most of the socialist bloc, even in the face of widespread protests, including an estimated 74,000 separate incidents across China in 2004 alone.
17825- How long must we be prisoners of that historical experience?
17826- Our relationship has evolved from a predominantly economic one into one that includes fighting terrorism, piracy, and organized crime, as well as many other issues.
17827- After September 11, 2001, skyscrapers, clubs, and restaurants of all kinds sprang up like mushrooms, with almost more vitality than before.
17828- To the east, Armenia and Azerbaijan were pushed into such bloody confrontation at the Kremlin's instigation that the only way for them to end their ethnic wars was to call in the Russians -- as in Transdneister -- for a kind of "Pax Ruthena."
17829- It was published through a Chinese-language blog-hosting service run by Microsoft's MSN Spaces.
17830- Since the first Chinese Web criminal, Lin Haiyin, was imprisoned for instigating subversive actions in 2000 to the recent arrest of writer Shi Tao, more than 100 independent intellectuals have been imprisoned for expressing their views.
17831- The host country cannot deny this right even if an immigrant has no health insurance and no resources to live on.
17832- One problem--probably the most fundamental--is that European integration no longer fires the imagination of Europeans.
17833- If the United States works more closely within the UN framework, it will find willing partners in the rising Asian powers, which are intent on using their influence and resources to solve today's challenges. After all, Asian countries are interested in global stability to underpin their own long-term development.
17834- As the occupying armies were replaced by civilian officials as administrators, and Germans were recruited to help them, the silver lining of Western democracy became more and more noticeable.
17835- According to the NAR, investment buyers account for another 23% of home sales, bringing second-home purchases to 36% of the total.
17836- As long as China's economy does grow, its military power will likely increase, thus making China appear more dangerous to its neighbors and complicating America's commitments in Asia.
17837- In a March 2005 speech, Bernanke argued that this "glut" helps explain several features of the American economy, possibly including the enormous fiscal and trade deficits.
17838- Having implicitly accepted responsibility for starting the war, Nasrallah has directed Hezbollah to focus on rapid reconstruction in villages and towns, right up to the Israeli border.
17839- The exchange rate fluctuations that came about following the shift to flexible exchange rates in 1973 were surprisingly large - far greater than fluctuations in domestic prices - and the question was why.
17840- The man that Guatemalan human rights organizations charge with responsibility for these acts is Efraín Ríos Montt, ruler of Guatemala during the "scorched earth" campaign of the early 1980's.
17841- But Rudi never followed his own advice.
17842- Would government involvement in providing credit create dangerous levels of inflation?
17843- Politicization is important because the two countries that were hardest hit, Indonesia and Sri Lanka, both suffer armed conflicts in tsunami-hit regions.
17844- But the world should not wait for the America to come to its senses.
17845- Capitalism's Moral Bastards
17846- This is a year of both widespread hunger and solemn promises by the rich countries.
17847- As young Muslims in Britain (and across the West) try to maneuver between the various, and often conflicting, aspects of their identity, three clear tendencies have emerged.
17848- Of course, Putin has concentrated so much authority and control over the levers of power in his own hands that he appears capable of anything.
17849- But Indo-US relations have more than a strategic/military component.
17850- Back then Nato heads-of-state welcomed the progress of various candidate countries, commending the Baltic states in particular.
17851- Long before Russia's Duma election on December 7th, one could predict the outcome: victory for the Edinstvo (Unity) party, President Vladimir Putin's main parliamentary ally.
17852- At its core, globalization entails the increasing volume, velocity, and importance of flows -- within and across borders -- of people, ideas, greenhouse gases, goods, dollars, drugs, viruses, emails, weapons, and a good deal else, challenging one of sovereignty's fundamental principles: the ability to control what crosses borders in either direction.
17853- Nearly all the activities collected under the banner of "science" have developed institutional tendencies that are similar to their economic counterparts.
17854- Now, anti-EU attitudes could well become stronger.
17855- Iran proclaims that its programs are for peaceful generation of nuclear energy, but inspectors have already found traces of highly enriched weapons-grade uranium.
17856- However, within these boundaries, internet-enabled activism, such as online petitions, have not only expanded the boundaries of traditional media reporting, but presaged some interesting new political consequences as well.
17857- We will now see how Hu uses that framework -- and thus what imprint he leaves on the bilateral relationship -- in meeting the current challenges.
17858- Depending on the course the nation takes, Chileans may in time reconcile themselves to their past.
17859- It was also a result of the incipient Cold War, and the desire of both sides to consolidate "their" part of Germany.
17860- The case went to the local court, where the judge ruled it an "accidental traffic disturbance" and gave the driver a two-year suspended sentence.
17861- This should make them willing to offer such policies to millions of people in different localities.
17862- After the parliamentary elections that will probably take place in the spring of 2003, Koštunica's Democratic Party of Serbia (DSS) will be a formidable force in the Serbian assembly.
17863- The excessive optimism of the late 1990's lingers, so investors are more impressed by the recent upsurge in corporate earnings--seen as confirming their optimism--than they are by the financial scandals.
17864- A month before, it seems safe to assume, many of these people had never heard of his native land, a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique, Zambia, and Tanzania.
17865- The impression of a generation on permanent holiday is deceptive in another respect.
17866- Wait.
17867- At that rate, a 20-year-old who in 1960 invested $4,000 a year in a tax-free account in the US stock market would have one million dollars by age 65 today.
17868- This trend continues.
17869- As the Iraqi people take more steps along the challenging road to democracy, more NATO countries have agreed to help train Iraqi security personnel by providing funds or equipment and by establishing a war college and military academies.
17870- Whenever the capital-flow reversal hits the US, it is clear that the dollar's value will decline by 25-50%.
17871- Mao wanted to instill obedience by having as many people as possible witness the terror.
17872- They know all too well that the old nemesis, "capital," has become difficult or impossible to expropriate, yet they remain unready or unwilling to deliver the news to their constituency.
17873- But the realignment of the rich, developed countries around the monetarist policies promoted by economists like Milton Friedman, which began around 1970, broke with all that. Not long after, the dollar was detached from the gold standard.
17874- Europe will most likely continue to grow weaker, rather than stronger, in this field.
17875- This finding is important.
17876- The response to terrorism should be to reaffirm the value of the rule of law over arbitrary repression, and of the diversity that is the hallmark of Europe's cities, particularly London and Paris, but increasingly many others across the Union.
17877- In short, they will have to make their own efforts to sustain the common effort.
17878- Instead, it will be the outcome of parental choice and the workings of the free market.
17879- The Rapid Reaction Force, it is said, should be capable of fulfilling the so-called "Petersberg" tasks.
17880- France in particular, but also Europe in general, seems to be in a mood for remembering and repenting.
17881- These decisions have had devastating consequences for forty years.
17882- This will have a serious impact across the Pacific and cause America to focus its strategic attention there.
17883- A written agreement to demobilize more than ten thousand paramilitaries by 2006 has been agreed, and plans are being laid -- including a transitional period of limited immunity from arrest so long as the cease-fire holds and the time spent under this agreement will be counted against any eventual prison sentences imposed -- to reintegrate them into civilian life.
17884- But instead of following Russia's reform path, Lukashenko worsened matters by reimposing central planning in industry and agriculture.
17885- There are important questions to be addressed, not only about the direction of NATO's missions and operations, but also about the future of transatlantic security cooperation and the role the Alliance will play.
17886- This escalation occurred without using weapons of mass destruction.
17887- In June, NATO's leaders commemorated the 60th anniversary of D-Day, the allied invasion of Nazi-occupied France.
17888- The online filtering technology is capable of blocking or intercepting the emails of the 80 million or so "Net citizens" in China.
17889- The final two criteria - inflation and interest rates - are also a mess.
17890- We must not let this happen.
17891- That arrest could well have ended in a bloodbath that might have destabilized a still insecure democratic government.
17892- Following that crisis, deposit insurance in the US was reformed with the objective of mitigating the moral hazard problem.
17893- The outcome of the court hearings is difficult to predict, but it will answer the question of whether Russians have lost the freedom artistic self-expression that they gained after communism's fall.
17894- We must distinguish between a theoretical belief in the universality of human rights and the actual practice of supporting human rights around the world, for our shared ``humanness'' is shaped in varying social environments, such that our perception of rights differs.
17895- Consider, for example, that prince of ambiguity, the Duc de Talleyrand.
17896- China, the world's growth superstar, has a huge current-account surplus, which means that it is a net lender to the rest of the world.
17897- A division of responsibility between prosecutor and judge is a critical constitutional guarantee for private litigation.
17898- We analyzed which reforms in the international trade regime would most benefit those in the developing world, and we presented an alternative agenda based on our findings.
17899- These talks, represent a more open, forward-looking, multilateral view of China's place in the world, hinting at a more pro-active and constructive diplomatic role as matchmaker and reconciler on the global stage.
17900- Within many states, "power" isn't politically correct.
17901- Chile now faces similar actions, as it has in the past, concerning some important exports, such as wine and salmon.
17902- But ROEs are only the symptom of a deeper problem. The real issue is a yawning gap between paper and practice.
17903- Calls for attendance in a foreign school - if possible for at least one year - as part of a future European curriculum should be heard and seriously considered.
17904- So will today's relative market calm continue?
17905- But getting there requires American policies that are consistent with the comprehensive approach that democratic transformation requires.
17906- But, either way, the bipolar political system to which Italians were getting accustomed is unlikely to survive unscathed.
17907- Yet official US aid to Africa is only $3 billion per year, and much of that covers salaries for American consultants rather than investments in Africa's needs.
17908- If Abdullah (aged 83) can perhaps skip a generation and appoint a more open-minded younger figure, there may be hope.
17909- But human rights groups question how the five to six hundred Al-Qaeda operatives that the government claims were holed up in the area came to be based there in the first place.
17910- But, unless the Arabs reconcile themselves to the permanent reality of a Jewish state in Palestine, the creation of a Palestinian Arab state will not provide more than the temporary palliative of a tenuous truce between Arabs and Jews.
17911- Barbarians at the Gate?
17912- At the same time, those who rise from low economic status revel in their newfound wealth by engaging in spectacular displays of personal spending.
17913- This year, the clear first choice has to be the 1963 James Bond spy thriller "From Russia with Love."
17914- The Old Testament tells how work on the tower in Shinar, in ancient Babylon, was disrupted because man aspired to reach the heavens and divinity.
17915- Taming Voodoo Economics
17916- 
17917- The international community's rejection of conspiracy charges is correct, I believe, because international criminal proceedings are oriented to post hoc justice -- to judging those who are alleged to have already brought about massacres and other major crimes that concern the international community.
17918- The fact that this entire exercise has told us nothing about Iraq's weapons infrastructure has simply been filed away for future reference.
17919- The tell-tale phrases are on everyone's lips: talk of the need for anti-subversion laws, press controls, strong leadership, of adjusting to Hong Kong's new reality.
17920- Third, although the Central European countries originally announced different target dates for eurozone accession, their plans have now moved closer together, usually ranging between 2008 and 2010.
17921- Next it was our turn.
17922- Consider the trip to the mall, where shoppers buy goods produced and shipped from around the world.
17923- Today, many former officials associated with those policies, such as Mushahid Hussain, a former information minister, concede that Pakistan should have contained militancy long ago.
17924- In this they are not entirely dissimilar from the totalitarian leaders of fascist movements, who likewise built on popular frustration to pursue an essentially destructive purpose in the name of anti-modern beliefs and promises.
17925- Ortega is wagering that attacking Bush will resonate with the Sandinistas and provoke them to close ranks, thereby stifling internal party dissent.
17926- There is urgency in all of this.
17927- But there were also deeper causes for the Soviet demise.
17928- But what really makes forecasting China's future so difficult is not only that recent developments have so often defied prediction, but that virtually opposite, if logical, scenarios are plausible.
17929- By putting paid to any revanchist tendencies in Russia concerning the Baltics, Europe is made a safer place, and Russia is helped in its effort to redefine itself as a national state and not an empire.
17930- Our past and present is the future for many others.
17931- Eventually, however, India has no choice: there are already sporadic riots over water shortage, while water tankers move under armed guard in some cities, and virulent conflicts arise between communities over water-sharing.
17932- During World War II, Britain took advantage of this, and Argentina, Egypt, and India, in particular, built up huge claims on sterling, although it was an unattractive currency.
17933- A leading journalist, Cristian Tudor Popescu, reproached animal rights defenders for their moral relativism and insensitivity to human suffering.
17934- The Great Ape Debate
17935- Combined, all of this was supposed to deliver dynamism.
17936- The strength of the dollar has similarly distorted investment decisions, and the same kinds of exaggerated swings in exchange rates in emerging markets have contributed to the boom-bust cycles in Asia and Latin America in the past five years.
17937- But Lomborg is wrong, and the experts are right.
17938- Lenders to defaulting countries were also punished, as their instruments (mostly bonds) became worthless.
17939- But they don't go all the way.
17940- -0.3
17941- Britain's government is beginning to recognize the danger, and is trying to clamp down on schools and mosques that spread hate.
17942- But this is about vital European interests.
17943- For example, the civil services in Iraq have recently crossed a threshold beyond which they are now probably impossible to administer.
17944- This leads to an unavoidable dilemma: Bush will have to choose between supporting democracy and backing those who want to fight Islamic radicalism.
17945- Besides the generosity of benefits, there is the issue of when one can first claim them.
17946- It is also possible that the exchange rate will not return to the long-run average if one economy is hit by a huge structural change. But such changes occur less frequently than is often supposed or alleged.
17947- The brain interprets our experiences and decides if they are threatening, and then controls our behavioral and physiological responses to them.
17948- The more the bank gives on liquidity, the less the politicians will do on reform.
17949- Making Globalization Work for All
17950- -1.2
17951- In the short term, there are good reasons to believe that the most powerful among Iraq's three main groups will do so.
17952- Now Taiwan's leaders point to Hong Kong as a failed model of a flawed concept.
17953- This was also one of the few occasions when international public opinion became aware that there was a refugee problem on the island, because few people knew that refugees from that war still exist.
17954- Many Europeans are sick of British vetoes. So am I.
17955- Indeed, the main lesson of recent years is that their own security requires that they support democratic openings elsewhere.
17956- There is also a Machiavellian explanation for the replacement of Monti.
17957- A similarly embarrassing lack of understanding about how the whole system works exists in every case.
17958- Little wonder, then, that Tony Blair's government is angry that two of its citizens will be tried before President Bush's military commissions.
17959- As in the late 19
17960- Consider, for example, that no one has ever developed a precise way to measure whether and to what extent a government is effective.
17961- So this has not been one of Europe's finest hours, especially not while the EU's institutional convention is discussing a text that calls for EU governments to "actively and unreservedly support the Union's common foreign policy."
17962- That is the contradiction.
17963- First, key emerging actors -- China, Russia, and India -- are not ready, willing, or even capable of performing a stabilizing international role.
17964- This is not just another meeting, it is a gathering of a group that is most at risk, and one that is key to meeting the world's development challenges.
17965- A transition that lasts two decades, during which poverty and inequality increase enormously as a few become wealthy, cannot be called a victory for capitalism or democracy.
17966- A year after the Orange Revolution demonstrated ordinary Ukrainians' fidelity to liberty, Yanukovich still evinces no faith in democracy, and the "single economic space" with Russia that he backs will strengthen the abusive oligarchic system and rule out liberalization.
17967- I have often wondered why Karl Popper ended the dramatic peroration of the first volume of his Open Society and Its Enemies with the sentence: "We must go on into the unknown, the uncertain and insecure, using what reason we have to plan for both security and freedom."
17968- Fiscal Apocalypse Now
17969- Nevertheless, the administration refuses to be held back by institutional restraints.
17970- Iran's acquisition of a nuclear bomb -- or even its ability to produce one -- would be interpreted by Israel as fundamental threat to its existence, thereby compelling the West, and Europe in particular, to take sides.
17971- While conservatism may claim a majority of the "Arab street" (and the Persian street), this does not mean that violence and terrorism will inevitably rule the region.
17972- Israeli forces regularly try to "decapitate" the violent opposition by killing Palestinian leaders, as if the problem were a few individuals rather than ongoing political stalemate.
17973- But notice its assertion that dependence on others is morally degrading.
17974- Watanabe tells us that the Committee concluded that, "not only high-ranking government leaders, general, and admirals should shoulder the blame." According to the Committee, "field officers were often more influential than even the Emperor, war ministers, and chiefs-of-staffs in making decisions to go to and escalate the wars, and were responsible for many atrocities."
17975- Paul Wolfowitz, Deputy Secretary of Defense and former US Ambassador to Indonesia, said that the US must bring new seriousness to helping Indonesia in its quest to secure a stable democracy and prosperous economy.
17976- The Commission was originally created as a technocratic body relatively independent of either national or supranational control - correctly so, given its mandate.
17977- When the Muslim world was thrown into confusion and disarray after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the democratic wing of the Islamist movement was working on a platform of legislative reforms it would propose for EU accession.
17978- In its first years, Al Jazeera was simultaneously hailed as a pioneering media outlet for reform in the Arab world and as an instigator of internal conflict and strife.
17979- The US cannot alone hunt down every suspected Al Qaeda leader. Nor can it launch a war whenever it wishes without alienating other countries.
17980- A recent non-partisan report by the Public Diplomacy Council called for a new Agency for Public Diplomacy within the State Department, 24-hour English-language broadcasts by the Voice of America, and a fourfold budget increase over the next five years.
17981- The soft power of Asian countries, then, lags behind that of the US, Europe, and Japan, but it is likely to increase.
17982- When Blair called for new elections, victory was taken for granted. Yet the election was revealing, not only of problems within British politics, but also of similar stresses in political systems across the West.
17983- The PNG government would like to do the right thing, to maintain its natural capital for future generations.
17984- The summit has two purposes: to finalize the text of a new EU Constitution, and to appoint the next President of the Commission.
17985- So it is difficult to see how this path could lead to the collective and individual identity that European unification requires.
17986- They mark the moments in history when America's power was used to further a global order, while also pursuing America's own interests in the most effective and sustainable manner.
17987- Over the next few months, newspapers and television stations ran with the story as it snowballed into a national obsession.
17988- Other experts agree.
17989- The reasons are twofold. Accession countries felt that they were asked to make major fiscal adjustments in order to be accepted into the EU.
17990- Today doctors give synthetic growth hormone to short boys, or Propecia to middle-aged men to remedy the shame of baldness.
17991- I hope that it is the fact of European interdependence - an interdependence carefully constructed by Jean Monnet, Robert Schumann, Konrad Adenauer, and those who followed in their footsteps - and not the memory of the horror of World War II that has caused the armies that used to cross the Rhine in arms to vanish.
17992- As the name implies, livelihood insurance is designed to provide more than just a brief respite or a subsidy for retraining.
17993- Granting Iraq the money to restore its oil industry was one of the best post-war decisions that the Bush administration has made.
17994- Judging by Putin's most recent address to parliament, his regime is fully aware of the danger posed by populist nationalists.
17995- Defending Japanese Defense
17996- Russia has stabilized under Putin, but its has become markedly less democratic.
17997- More than 80% of Jordanians oppose the war.
17998- Houses in the Air
17999- But not only people were horrifically abused. Iraq's environment was tormented as well.
18000- Consider this: according to the World Value Survey, whereas 60% of Americans believe that the poor are "lazy," only 26% of Europeans hold this belief.
18001- Nevertheless, if implemented, Sharon's proposal would leave them in control of about 99 percent of the Gaza Strip and roughly 50 percent of the West Bank.
18002- In 1992, the winner of the New Hampshire primary election argued that "the Cold War is over - and Japan won."
18003- We reject the first criticism entirely.
18004- On such fundamental issues of Arab consensus, it is simply illogical to expect an Arab broadcaster to be even-handed.
18005- The shortsightedness of socialist Prime Minister José Zapatero of Spain has prevailed.
18006- Developing countries were told, once again, to get their houses in order, to address issues of governance, and to undertake "painful" structural reforms.
18007- The Crisis of the Left
18008- After all, the US went off the gold standard in 1933, and the Fed cut the discount rate to 1.5% in 1934, ending deflation (except for minor episodes); but the unemployment rate did not fall consistently below 15% until 1941 and the onset of World War II.
18009- First and foremost, the system is largely reactive. The department heads and oversight committees that meet to evaluate programming seldom dictate content, but merely pass their complaints and recommendations down to programming heads.
18010- If they use the good news to begin withdrawing significant numbers of the foreign troops who bolster Iraq's stability at a crucial and vulnerable moment, they will have undermined the project to which both have devoted so much political capital.
18011- The European poor do not have such mobility and thus lack the supposed chance that poor Americans possess.
18012- Their second homes are a retreat where they will spend only a fraction of the year, and recently pristine mountain ridges and ocean cliffs are being dotted with new homes to meet the demand.
18013- To deal with disasters more effectively, countries must find the will to create an environment in which a much more developed private insurance industry can flourish.
18014- This worries enough people, including Prince Charles in the UK, that there have been calls for banning further research into nanotechnology.
18015- UN agencies will have a critical role to play in future years in helping Africa's impoverished countries (and those elsewhere) to derive larger benefits from globalization.
18016- Village housing must be provided at a massive level.
18017- As Javier Solana, the European Union's chief diplomat, who has conducted lengthy negotiations with Iran, rightly points out, even if the United Nations Security Council approves sanctions against Iran, the door to negotiations will always be open.
18018- The only territorial units resembling those that exist today were Ethiopia, Liberia, and South Africa.
18019- We will not timidly look around and lose our way; we will not turn back.
18020- So the question now is what can China do to freeze--and, if possible, to reverse--North Korea's nuclear program.
18021- But if the oil price remains at or near $60 a barrel, expect everyone's forecasts of GDP growth to be reduced by 1% per year.
18022- More important decisions require an even larger consensus, involving up to 3,000 people.
18023- The belief that the other's religion is not Islam, and its followers not Muslim, has underpinned internecine wars in which millions have died -- and continue to die.
18024- Close to 38 million people died of starvation and overwork during the infamous Great Leap Forward (1958-61) to catch up with the West.
18025- Variant CJD was first described in 1996, following intensive surveillance activities undertaken by the UK National CJD Surveillance Unit (NCJDSU) in Edinburgh.
18026- These are the most important and urgent reforms.
18027- EU enlargement - and the process of involving Russia - must not be slowed by a lack of political will and vision among European leaders.
18028- Bush or Kerry - both can deliver the foreign support.
18029- But on the fundamental questions of economic management, the record is far less positive.
18030- Acting jointly means that the US will have to take into account other interests and views - views that may not always be in harmony with its own.
18031- In both cases the experiences of Indonesia will be critical.
18032- Rather than creating a uniform, predictable, and scientifically sound framework for effectively managing legitimate risks, the bio-safety protocol establishes an ill-defined global regulatory process that permits overly risk-averse, incompetent, or corrupt regulators to hide behind the precautionary principle in delaying or deferring approvals.
18033- Denial of the fear of mortality and projection of the suppressed wish to transcend nature are the marks of a masked effort to create a biomedical science at war with its own stated purposes.
18034- China's government finally appears to be acknowledging the urgent challenges presented by the country's aging population.
18035- These cases are particularly interesting, because the first case resulted in the clinical onset of variant CJD (with typical symptoms and pathology) 6.5 years after the transfusion from a donor who, although asymptomatic at the time of donation, subsequently developed and died from CJD. 
18036- But there is good news.
18037- It now has a street life more vibrant than Singapore, a layout reminiscent of Paris before the automobile, and a reputation among Japanese tourists for high-quality hotels, transportation, and restaurants.
18038- Indeed, do we even still dare to maintain that distinction anymore?
18039- Most pointedly, is the Islamic world thwarted from modernizing because its culture is trapped in the Middle Ages?
18040- A step was made in this direction in June 2000, when the Community of Democracy, bringing together more than half of the member states of the United Nations, was created in Warsaw.
18041- Only more politics and diplomacy can salvage US policy.
18042- As pesticides are assumed to have adverse effects on natural capital they are inconsistent with sustainable development.
18043- It is a right they have never regained.
18044- But we simply don't know what should replace things that are eliminated.
18045- This requires a constitutional court of sorts, as well as a judiciary and institutions to enforce its rulings.
18046- If a new microbe is created in the lab, it will be because scientists have learned how to follow nature's recipe.
18047- Keynes worried about price rigidities--the failure of prices and wages to fall when there is excess supply of labor or goods.
18048- Compromise on their side if met by extremism on the other would incite disaster.
18049- Whether deliberately or not, China is reorganizing itself to balance central authority and common purpose with decentralized freedom, in the same way that nimble companies balance home-office and divisional control.
18050- Conversely, when democratic transition was attempted in a fragile and closed economic environment, the outcome was much worse.
18051- So Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania cannot be regarded as special Russian "spheres of influence" requiring Russian assent for membership in either the EU or NATO.
18052- Contractionary policies only exacerbate recession.
18053- These reforms will eventually come.
18054- One traditional argument for the existence of God, the so-called "argument from design," stresses that organic parts are adapted, and argues that the only way they could have come into being is through the workings of some kind of intelligence.
18055- It would not be surprising if these institutions also retard efficient exploitation of the new technological advances in the workplace.
18056- Fortunately, this fault line in the British safeguards can be corrected without jeopardizing the document.
18057- Although it is likely, the short- and long-term outcomes of such changes may not always suffice in the fight against work-related stress.
18058- This "Afghan scenario" implies a weak state with nominal power over effectively autonomous fiefdoms that are headed by strongmen who are represented in the central government.
18059- Our guiding principle always remaining: One Europe.
18060- Conversely, de-industrialization and concentration of growth in informal service activities is a proven recipe for failure, as has been demonstrated by the sad experiences of most developing countries in recent decades.
18061- But they seem far more dangerous nowadays as a result of technological advances that have "democratized" bomb making.
18062- Importantly, developing countries achieved several breakthroughs in the new trade agenda.
18063- Youth unemployment, including the female population, averages 23%, while in deprived suburbs with concentrated immigrant populations, the rate hits 70%.
18064- Although the precise nature of the disease's transmission remains uncertain, a key event in these disorders is the conversion of the prion protein's normal cells to an abnormal form that appears to be the major (if not the sole) component of the infection.
18065- Although the US and Europe do have issues to resolve, there is a real danger that the portrayal of every possible event as heralding a new split will end up being self-fulfilling.
18066- In my new book The End of Poverty , I show how extreme poverty can be ended by 2025, but only if the rich world follows through on its promise to help the poorest countries.
18067- Among Sunnis, the decline in support for an Islamic state is most dramatic, and may have significant ramifications for the ability of religious extremists to recruit among them.
18068- Castro must realize that even if he relents and sets Rivero and others free, they are likely to stay.
18069- Europe, America, and the wider world must not stand idle if Ukraine's rulers and oligarchs try to steal this election by any means at their disposal.
18070- But, unlike either Iran or Syria, Turkey genuinely wishes to see a strong and representative government in Baghdad.
18071- But the critical process that is at the core of an open society -- which the US abandoned for eighteen months after September 11, 2001 -- cannot be forsaken.
18072- Spain
18073- The IMF is an important part of the international financial architecture, but it is in great need of repair.
18074- Many animal traders tested in 2003 in a market in the epicenter of the SARS outbreak also had the antibodies - again with no history of disease.
18075- A change in the WTO's regal status is thus in order.
18076- How people feel about themselves, personally and collectively, greatly influences the energy with which they develop themselves.
18077- Ideological rigidity alone, however, does not explain Iran's often-gratuitous anti-Americanism.
18078- The trials should be conducted transparently and with broad public involvement.
18079- I then find myself entertained by stories of gorgeous ocean sunsets seen from the porch, views onto expanses of colorful wildflowers on mountainsides, and happy family reunions in beautiful seclusion (as well as problems with the plumbing).
18080- Yes, Castro jailed 75 independent journalists and others in an April sweep - that is the monster in him.
18081- The real issue is not a theoretical question about Islam, but concerns the religious practices of Muslims.
18082- If it chooses to take the predominant role in transforming the Iraqi government, instead of relying on the UN, Arab doubts will grow.
18083- America's Congress has never had much sympathy for the IMF.
18084- Roma are the continent's fastest growing and most vulnerable minority.
18085- This way Islam could really become a source of inspiration for the European community of values.
18086- Irani's growing influence over the Syrian security apparatus is well established, and Iran is funding an effort to create Syrian Shia militias to compensate for Assad's sagging support in the army and in the minority Alawite community.
18087- Obviously, improved communications technology plays a role.
18088- Its last big project was the single market as conceived by Jacques Delors, the European Commission's then-President.
18089- Suppose all this is wrong, suppose suddenly the US cannot attract enough capital.
18090- 1980 318 679
18091- Fruit flies are not geniuses, but "cramming" works no better for them than it does for us.
18092- The term "drug dependence" was also redefined, to propose that loss of personal autonomy could never arise in a therapeutic setting.
18093- With economic growth slowing to a record 50-year low during his tenure, Chen Shui-bian is seeking ways to divert public attention by assuming the role of a daring leader ready to defend Taiwan's sovereignty.
18094- Then the Hungarian prime minister resigned.
18095- But the war in Iraq and enormous military expenditures are quite another matter.
18096- The heart of the problem is not the overall quantity of oil, but its location.
18097- At some point, the party is going to end.
18098- They may even be persuaded to dig a fishpond and to try and eek out a living from that. But when the pond dries up or the substitute crop or job fails, so long as there are rich drug users in the West, they will return to cultivating poppy or coca if it provides a livelihood for their families.
18099- The reason is simple.
18100- There was a moment of silence.
18101- Finally, the data show that corruption is highest in oil and gas-producing countries.
18102- In the end, United Russia secured 37% of the vote, with the additional seats it gained in the single-seat constituencies assuring it an overwhelming parliamentary majority.
18103- The Chinese government is also pressuring Tokyo to turn over the Japanese businessmen who allegedly requested the prostitutes.
18104- In Ukraine, the divergent interests of the country's west and east have to be recognized if legitimacy is to be established.
18105- Are they merely mistaken, or is that "mistake" a moral vice?
18106- An emotional speaker, Presient Lukashenka is not unpopular, for he touches the soul of the generation that mourns the Soviet Union's passing: WWII veterans, retired people, and collective farm workers.
18107- Second, the Bush team is pledging to bring democracy to Iraq, a transformation that - it is hoped - will spur democratization across the region.
18108- Rapid integration into global markets is a consequence, not of trade liberalization or adherence to World Trade Organization (WTO) strictures per se, but of successful growth strategies with often highly idiosyncratic characteristics.
18109- The alternative to an accepted resolution of their problems by the three parties is the permanent fragmentation of the Holy Land, which can only lead to more confrontation and violent conflicts.
18110- This has helped to counter extremist tendencies domestically and provides a conceptual platform for moderate Islam.
18111- There are as well pragmatic considerations.
18112- Achieving, at long last, re-election of parliamentary representatives; calling a referendum to amend the Constitution; creating a hybrid, semi-presidential, semi-parliamentary system that will encourage the formation of legislative majorities in a three-party environment; allowing independent candidates to run for office, thus forcing party realignment; and abolishing the US-style campaign-financing, where air time is purchased instead of allotted, and which led to Sunday's election probably being, dollar for vote, the most expensive in the world.
18113- But what about those who believe that "rich Jews" control, say, the media?
18114- One problem is the dilution of ASW capability.
18115- By design the EU Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) gives large financial benefits to countries with large farming sectors, like France, but imposes financial penalties on countries with small farming sectors, like Britain.
18116- The current situation is far more akin to the Gulf War than to wars that may have contributed to economic growth.
18117- Her motto, "My program is yours," could prove popular with citizens who, as in many other democracies, do not trust their political elite.
18118- 2000-06 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004p 2005p 2006p
18119- In order to guarantee the outcome, the statutes of such committees and their mandates ought to be agreed upon by all euro members. No more Brussels interference, no more arbitrary rules, no more political judgments-- just plain common sense.
18120- But the terrorist attacks in Istanbul are unlikely to generate a nervous reaction in restricting democratic rights.
18121- In developed countries, breast cancer affects about one in ten women, and in many of these countries the disease is on the increase.
18122- Meanwhile, ordinary Russians have gained little.
18123- Nearly all the major institutional reforms, such as strengthening the legislature, holding village elections, and building a modern legal system, were launched in the 1980's.
18124- Pharmaceutical companies sponsor most drug treatment studies, with the primary purpose being to secure the licenses required to market their products.
18125- China is a long way from posing the kind of challenge to American preponderance that the Kaiser's Germany posed when it surpassed Britain in the years leading up to World War I.
18126- Simple computer programs can compare two or more strings of these units and evaluate degrees of similarity, search huge databases to match new sequences against known ones, and cluster groups of sequences in the form of a family tree.
18127- The fact that only Taiwan stands in the way makes reunification all the more non-negotiable.
18128- Is such an amnesty a good idea?
18129- While visiting Kerala in the late 1960's, I--a Hindu from the Gangetic heartland--went to the Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple in Trivandrum, where the usual "pandas" accosted me.
18130- Cities such as Kabul, Mazar, Herat and others will need to be rebuilt as centers of economic and cultural life.
18131- But the money undocumented workers earn goes abroad to build homes, start businesses, and take care of elderly parents throughout Latin America.
18132- Like it or not, ready or not, these scientific developments are putting us on the road to becoming the managers of the global ecosystem, rather than just a participant in it.
18133- Terrorist groups can be minimized if their enabling states are contained.
18134- Admittedly, the Union's budget does not have space for the Wider Europe Initiative before 2007, but where there is a will there is a way.
18135- Outside the stadiums, public screenings of the games have become joyous mass "happenings."
18136- An important distinction between economic principles and their institutional embodiment is that most key economic principles are institution-free.
18137- This is an issue on which Europe should stand up to the US.
18138- For one thing, the September 11 attacks were by a human enemy, and despite inadequate domestic preparations for such an event, Americans' anger was directed outward.
18139- The USSR pursued its interests by force, reflecting the brutal nature of its regime.
18140- As the Surrealist poet André Breton said, "It is above all our differences that unite us."
18141- The introduction of income taxes and UK labor laws in the late 19
18142- When Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill at long last did speak out, he flatly contradicted Rice, telling The Economist that Argentina's crisis was caused by its lack of an export industry and unwillingness to do anything about it.
18143- But what system failed?
18144- The Wider Europe Initiative also starts with a good idea: recognition that relations between the EU and its neighborhood are inherently asymmetric.
18145- Overall, Kuwait has always had a lively political life, with freedom of expression and less political repression than is common in neighboring countries. Political violence has been rare.
18146- With Afghanistan, Iraq, and Iran topping the list of strategic challenges facing the West, anchoring democracy and security in these new borderlands of the Euro-Atlantic community has become imperative for both the United States and the EU.
18147- But the bloodstained shambles of the US occupation led America to abandon the quest for democracy.
18148- With the Palestinians' future at stake -- not to mention the future of Israel and the Middle East -- no one can say if Hamas is up to the task.
18149- Other European countries (for example, Italy and Spain) fall somewhere between these poles.
18150- In these fields, dispassion requires that the medical scientist ignore his or her own vulnerability of mind and body.
18151- Germany's behavior is particularly galling, as it had been the strongest advocate of the Stability Pact.
18152- As a professor, I find that my students often ask me for career advice with a different tone than in the past.
18153- The result may be an erosion of these welfare states themselves.
18154- Moreover, when schizophrenia begins, these persons are often in states of extreme fear or elation.
18155- 0.4
18156- Brazil is battling recession and rising unemployment.
18157- So, do such practices constitute a real threat to the conventions for protecting the stratospheric ozone, or are they "only" a factor that will delay the final phase-out of CFC's within years or a decade?
18158- The domestic situation, the global environment, and the historical memory of its people all militate against Russia being bound to relive its own tragic history.
18159- A key opportunity presents itself with the celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Barcelona Declaration to define a common position to support democratic change in the Mediterranean by ceasing to back the political status quo there.
18160- Yet Kim Jong-il's two trips to China illustrate his interest in China's reforms and his desire to cultivate China's support.
18161- Why aren't the large EU economies benefiting from IT, despite its diffusion on the "Old" continent as well?
18162- By translating relative electoral majorities into absolute parliamentary majorities, it enables winning parties to govern rather than enter into permanent negotiations with coalition partners and scramble constantly for parliamentary majorities.
18163- The time has come to rethink this notion.
18164- 
18165- This is wrong on all counts: Africa is trapped in poverty, many countries are well poised to use aid effectively, and America's contribution is tiny relative to Africa's needs, America's promises, and America's wealth.
18166- An archetype feeding the legend?
18167- It is easier for a young couple to borrow and buy a house in the US than in Europe.
18168- Focusing on the soul, then, leads to moral concern, and can expand the moral circle.
18169- During the recent presidential election, many suggested that reconciling the "two Ukraines" was impossible.
18170- Political wisdom would demand that the two sides pool their considerable resources and march together whenever possible.
18171- Now, Argentines are emigrating to Europe and the US in large numbers and are trying to convert Pesos to dollars at any opportunity.
18172- With the decline in DDT use it returned.
18173- More fundamentally, behavior is certainly a significant component in determining a species' adaptation, geographic range, and mate-recognition system - all of which contribute to the maintenance of species boundaries.
18174- If a region can't pay for its electricity, people will be cut off and left without heating.
18175- Each factor has special resonance here.
18176- In the 1960s, Mozambique produced half of the world's total.
18177- So he did what French Presidents usually do in such circumstances: rather than admit that French voters might be right, he sacked Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin as a scapegoat, replacing him with his protégé Dominique de Villepin, who has never held an elective office.
18178- Neither economic nor management theory is of much help in helping entrepreneurs (or the state) choose appropriate investments among the range of modern-sector activities.
18179- France, Portugal and Germany are all flagrantly flaunting the Stability Pact, the agreement among Eurozone members to keep their deficits below a critical threshold (3% of GDP today, but lower, supposedly, in the future).
18180- Economic liberalization, deregulation of capital movements, suppression of subsidies, privatization of valuable public assets (liquidation would be a more appropriate word), fiscal austerity, high interest rates, and repressed demand became the order of the day.
18181- The one-size-fits-all ideology of the Washington Consensus is finished.
18182- Investment in the Russian economy was growing fast.
18183- Rather than scaring global corporations and their home states, China would retain strong political support abroad -- and the financing that it needs for its continued development.
18184- This resistance should not be allowed to prevent the European Parliament from endorsing the common position: markets and regulators alike urgently need a new ISD, as innovations have made the old one obsolete.
18185- It is aimed at what used to be called the West, that is, a liberal order of things, a free world.
18186- Many prominent Jordanians believe that our reliance on Iraqi markets and oil ought to be the basis of a priority alliance.
18187- This can now change, at least gradually.
18188- It is likely that the regime will attempt to counter this eruption of nationalism while maintaining its strong statist rhetoric.
18189- Violence must give way to security for inhabitants; lawlessness and political exclusion must give way to the rule of law and participatory government; ethnic, religious, or class/caste polarization must give way to national reconciliation; and ruined war economies must be transformed into functioning market economies that enable ordinary people to support themselves.
18190- A country with too large a deficit faces a crisis and soon switches policy to secure a surplus- that is what has happened in East Asia.
18191- The EU embodies the principles of an open society to a remarkable extent.
18192- Welcome to the Era of Incompetence
18193- Within a year, everything looked different, especially in Germany.
18194- What is changing is the way that US military power is used to implement this grand strategy.
18195- So any negative impact on the euro from rapid accession to EMU would at worst amount to little more than a rounding error.
18196- The personal aspect of such decisions makes our hearts speed up and our palms sweat.
18197- But another major factor contributing to Japan's decline was that firms elsewhere began adopting Japanese methods, such as just-in-time supply chains.
18198- These responses to terrorist attacks resonate well with US public opinion.
18199- Can terrorists be soldiers or state agents?
18200- I have also emphasized that Lebanon must develop its comparative advantages, particularly in education, banking, and services.
18201- It is difficult not to be a pessimist about the future of the world's fish population.
18202- Indeed, Brazil's upcoming election this year is like a soccer match between big teams, where supporters of one candidate and the other are solely distinguished by the colors of their shirts, since the strongest teams accept the rules of the game and even tactics are similar.
18203- Austria responded by invading Serbia, Bosnia's neighbor and an "upstart" Slavic power.
18204- In Asia, people in most countries still believe that a ¡°good democracy¡± is more important than a ¡°strong economy.¡± The opposite is true, however, in democratic Indonesia, where 69% prefer a strong economy.
18205- Overhauling Europe's shaky supply-side foundations is the key challenge facing the euro revolution, and it is a challenge that needs to be addressed at its national-level roots.
18206- Security, as the Russians understand it, seems to be endangered when foreign journalists write articles that bring Russia's state into disrepute.
18207- Thus, his announcement that he will leave Downing Street next year is no more than a reluctant acceptance of what has been reality for some time.
18208- Instead, they will have to focus on rebuilding and reenergizing Fatah.
18209- Russia's transformation into an economic magnet for the CIS will be the major force of renewed Russian strategic influence.
18210- Can anyone believe that this is because Americans are 14 times smarter or 14 times better in character than Indians?
18211- Those bubbles may keep expanding, or may burst, leaving many homeowners mired in debt.
18212- Likewise, passenger air transport is dominated by business travel.
18213- Veterinarians are few, but our human health services are in ruin as well.
18214- Tortured reasoning about phrases like "use of force" or "exclusively defense-oriented policy" amounts to an open invitation to confusion, both in the military and to countries in the region.
18215- If Europe is really serious about a common foreign policy, does the current arrangement make any sense?
18216- NATO membership carries obligations, because situations may arise -- and we have already experienced them -- when NATO follows a United Nations appeal and conducts an out-of-area military intervention where, for example, genocide is being committed.
18217- The German-Soviet non-aggression treaty, the so-called Hitler-Stalin pact, concluded in August 1939, had been supplemented by a secret appendix dividing the border states Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Romania into spheres of interest for the two parties.
18218- A century ago, a French politician was no more likely to advocate peace and detente with Germany than a modern Arab politician is likely to advocate peace and detente with Israel.
18219- Many did run away.
18220- The common aim should be to remove the threat posed by a dictator with so well-documented a predilection for weapons of mass destruction.
18221- By contrast, similar surveys in other Arab capitals find a decided tilt toward a Muslim identity.
18222- No one took into account the fact that countries like France and Switzerland somehow manage to thrive with large states.
18223- There was little he could do in Kosovo or the Congo.
18224- Was Kofi Annan "developed?"
18225- Only a second victory over Yanukovich can secure a future of freedom and hope for Ukraine's people.
18226- China's success here would not only enhance its own international prestige, but would also contribute immensely to promoting regional stability and prosperity throughout East Asia.
18227- So when America called for democracy, the hearts of many in the region soared with the hope that reform would come at last.
18228- When the opposite was proven and a secret document was found in her possession, she had to go.
18229- There is some optimism about Japan getting on its feet again, but over the past, vastly disappointing, decade, too many pseudo-recoveries have been glimpsed in Japan to justify such hopes.
18230- Under heavy pressure from America, China's leaders have agreed in principle to float the renminbi, but refuse to say when.
18231- The same day, the European Commission hit back with a strong criticism of the proposal, saying that it would create rival bureaucracies and a sense of confusion.
18232- Politics is by its nature about conflicts, which are sensibly regulated by the rules of democratic constitutions.
18233- Even in a country as big as Brazil, over 80% of the population lives in urban areas.
18234- There is not one shred of evidence showing that more openness to trade increases poverty, but anti-globalists do not let facts interfere with their ideology.
18235- Still, legislative bodies are cautious when considering possible changes to the law.
18236- But does anyone help them?
18237- Upon entry, they will become members of the European Central Bank, which means that the new members are expected to take active steps towards fulfilling the necessary conditions for future admission into the eurozone.
18238- However, in cases where buyers and sellers are not equally dependent upon the relationship, the greater vulnerability of the more dependent party can be used as a source of coercive power by the less dependent party.
18239- "If there is a Codex standard," she points out, "one country cannot file a challenge [for unfair trade practices] against another country which is following the Codex standard.
18240- Admittedly, this is a simplistic analogy, but it captures the essence of the issue.
18241- Although Hamas is boycotting the election, many Hamas sympathizers will vote for the candidate most committed to defending the Palestinians' core demands.
18242- Among ordinary Zimbabweans walk heroes - heroes who waited hours and hours to vote, heroes who refused to be turned away.
18243- What does Iran's just-concluded presidential election have in common with the recent French and Dutch referenda on the European Constitutional Treaty?
18244- An evacuation was ordered, but no means to do so were provided for the poor.
18245- Already the US is facing huge fiscal deficits and a squeeze on popular programs, even before the costs of war and its aftermath are taken into account.
18246- Ukraine needs and is ready for such a sign.
18247- If there are elections in Iraq in January -- and this is a very big "if" -- they may not resolve much.
18248- Only measures that ensure that companies reward true merit will be considered legitimate by employees, shareholders, and the public.
18249- They are determined to limit Hindu Tamil power in Sri Lankan affairs and encourage the country's leaders to make few concessions to Tamil autonomy.
18250- Typically, they want to escape conditions of hopelessness, as many Europeans did when they left their homes in the 19
18251- Only the union he was forced to join, the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists, has been doing any formal saving and earmarking of his retirement assets.
18252- When Burma joined ASEAN in 1997, there were only 210,000 Burmese refugees and asylum seekers throughout the region.
18253- Our study quotes three national water surveys.
18254- The region's chronic under-investment in education, particularly in science and technology, is partly responsible for its economic stagnation during the past quarter-century.
18255- By contrast, poor people in China mostly view their personal situation as transitional.
18256- Moreover, while both Russia and Iraq are heavily dependent on natural resources, Russia at least possessed demonstrated abilities in some other areas.
18257- The first is repairing our country's unity.
18258- But despite Ortega's anachronistic politics, he has a good chance of winning the election in November 2006.
18259- The fact that this package failed to bring relief indicates that something is fundamentally wrong with the international financial system.
18260- The great reforms of the past, including the liberation of the serfs in 1861, followed many years of discussions among westerners, slavophiles, and others.
18261- For example, Putin recently abolished elections in Russia's provinces.
18262- Pathogens come into contact with susceptible hosts that they have never before encountered, and that never had the opportunity to evolve resistance.
18263- But what has been gained is never guaranteed.
18264- This initiative failed for two reasons.
18265- If China attempts to lower its money supply by raising interest rates, it will trigger a corresponding increase in demand for renminbi, as foreign capital seeks to take advantage of higher interest rates on Chinese assets.
18266- But Chen's behavior did not help.
18267- But none of these theories answers the age-old question: what accounts for the simultaneous perception of a large and near moon?
18268- Merkel will reintroduce the warmth that has been missing under Schroeder, but she will not become America's yes-woman.
18269- 
18270- In many places, that has begun to change.
18271- -2.6
18272- But we still want to control the unforeseeable consequences to which curiosity leads.
18273- Europe and Europeans cannot wait for a new treaty to show that the Union is able to fulfill that promise.
18274- Moreover, opportunities for foreigners to raise their voice and influence American policies constitute an important incentive for being part of an alliance with the US.
18275- This ambivalence has been, until now, common to almost all mainstream center-right parties in Europe.
18276- China's one-child policy must have been an advantage for its per capita GDP growth, allowing more time to be spent on business activities rather than childrearing.
18277- Indeed, the mind does not operate like a video recorder, and thus not every aspect of a traumatic experience gets encoded into memory in the first place.
18278- Although he did not win all his intellectual battles, rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a man was great, and that the work that he has left behind will retain enduring influence.
18279- Neither has yet occurred.
18280- Islam as a religion can be tolerant as well as triumphalist -- as its sister world religion, Christianity, can be.
18281- With these firms now exposed to foreign competition from low-cost producers in Asia and Eastern Europe, Italy's share of world exports has been shrinking in recent years.
18282- Many poor countries are wildly off track when it comes to meeting this goal.
18283- Unfortunately, the global system of international law and governance remains too weak to prevent the determined misbehavior of the president of the world's most powerful country if he is hell bent on starting a war on his own.
18284- Greater continuity and focus will be provided through the creation of a full-time chairman of the European Council and an EU Foreign Minister, and there is to be a three-country team presidency of other Council formations.
18285- Last week Tony Blair, Jacques Chirac, and Gerhard Schroeder met in Berlin.
18286- Or India and Brazil, two huge countries?
18287- It must be clear by now that Pyongyang is determined to keep its nuclear weapons program in order to obtain a credible assurance from the US that its bizarre and repressive regime will be allowed to survive.
18288- The Kremlin refuses to publicly admit that today's terrorism has its roots predominantly in the Chechen war, which is now metastasizing throughout the Northern Caucasus.
18289- The presidential election will obviously serve as a catalyst for renewed, and possibly more successful, negotiations with Israel.
18290- Antagonism was confined to the stadium, and ended when the match did.
18291- The first two priorities, if well designed and well implemented, are certainly honorable goals for a government to pursue.
18292- Communications and mass media have long enabled "copycat" effects--protests in one place ignite similar actions elsewhere.
18293- Indeed, only an ongoing skepticism of fashionable political nostrums - both of the statist and market fundamentalist variety - can promote pluralism and tolerance, and avoid a ballooning of the bureaucracy that enfeebles our economy.
18294- So long as the USSR did not stage a military attack, containment's reliance on economic sticks and carrots, competition within the world communist movement, intelligence and diplomacy, and promoting the vitality of the capitalist democracies would guarantee security.
18295- Government regulation was incapable of dealing with the issues involved, although it was certainly helpful to devise ways of making destructive hackers criminally responsible.
18296- It improves human health, increases life expectancy, and lowers fertility rates.
18297- In addition, after visits by the French, British, and German foreign ministers, Iran announced a temporary suspension of its enrichment program.
18298- In dangerous times such as these, the world's peoples need to prove their solidarity.
18299- The recently concluded elections, which pushed the Communists out of their dominant position in the Rada and sharply curtailed the power of the "parties of power" that surround President Kuchma, pushed our provincial radicals to the fringes of our politics.
18300- If ordinary people are to observe this historic event, buses will have to transport them. The proceedings should be broadcast nationwide on radio and television.
18301- Back to the Future, Courtesy of Argentina
18302- As it stands, however, we have "fished down" our stocks, until few large, old individuals remain.
18303- But today you would be lucky to find a cod that weighs more than two kilograms.
18304- Europe's Public and the Anti-Terrorism War
18305- So, maybe the word "overheated" is misleading.
18306- Let us be clear on this point: it is not that politicians who wish to take the lead on fiscal consolidation are failing to gain traction; it is that there are no politicians -- at least none with any agenda-setting influence -- who are even trying to steer the US towards adopting a more responsible fiscal policy.
18307- · Giving the new Brussels�based Political and Security Committee higher status to draw together both the inter�governmental and Community sides of foreign policy;
18308- The British government's first reflex was to reject any suggestion that the British rebate is open to discussion: it was justified in 1984, and it is justified today.
18309- For the most part, old-age poverty is hidden, often by the victims themselves, who are too proud to talk about their condition.
18310- But comparisons to the post-WWII Nuremberg tribunal have worn thin: as the proceedings drag on, observers wonder why it has taken so long to establish criminal liability.
18311- As things stand in Saudi Arabia, the US administration has no credible ally for change outside of the existing regime.
18312- Only "unreasonable" claims may be refused, but the state will bear the burden of proving unreasonableness.
18313- The immediate ethical issue facing us is the real harm inflicted on unsuspecting subjects through a vast array of indignities, adverse events, injuries, and death.
18314- So both sides have reasons to conspire in a war by remote control.
18315- Colombia's experience shows that this is not the case.
18316- Building a nuclear reactor is a far cry from launching a nuclear missile.
18317- But, as the saying goes, ``Eternal vigilance is the price of freedom.''
18318- Self-interest is linked to mutual concern every time a sales clerk asks, "Can I help you?"
18319- A religious decision can be a matter of passionate commitment (as in Kierkegaard's "leap of faith"), or, more commonly, an emotionally low-intensity consumer option (expressed in the telling American phrase "religious preference").
18320- Regrettably, such incidents recur with enough regularity to feed the media machine that continues to stir a nationalism rooted in conflicting historical memories.
18321- Although a compromise solution was provisionally accepted, its message is weak and obscure.
18322- Can such demands for restricting free speech ever be legitimate?
18323- Good governance surely will help in Africa and elsewhere, but corruption should not be used as an excuse not to help Africa.
18324- Big states comfortably co-exist with small states in the US because America has a bicameral system in which the House of Representatives is based on population, but each state elects two members of the Senate.
18325- Research suggests that these restrictions did not affect the flow of long-term capital.
18326- As a result, they don't look for new solutions to the problems that Muslims now face.
18327- It has also cost a lot of money.
18328- Of course, US policymakers have a hidden "ace in the hole."
18329- Likewise, Foreign Minister Mahmoud Al-Zahar of the Hamas-led government says that any dissolution of the government or call for early elections by Abbas would be a recipe for civil war.
18330- Voters in other states have more confidence in EU institutions, but their opinion of their own institutions is also low. In France, 57% trust the European Parliament, but only 29% trust the French parliament; while the corresponding figures for Germany are 51% and 23%.
18331- This is not "because the budget committees are too busy....[T]he House and Senate...are not doing much of anything...[because] they don't want to."
18332- At least, that was how things were shaping up prior to the war in Iraq. Then, despite massive US pressure, Turkey's parliament unexpectedly rejected the government's proposal to allow US troops in Turkey to launch an invasion from Turkish territory.
18333- The EU was brought into existence by a process of piecemeal social engineering -- the method Popper considered appropriate to an open society -- directed by a far-sighted, purposeful elite who recognized that perfection is unattainable.
18334- The conference deals with education, conflict prevention and resolution, risky behavior, and youth employment.
18335- Will civil society thrive, or will Ukraine be a society of obedient subjects?
18336- In that case, do investors and policymakers have a plan B?
18337- The road from the collapse of a dictatorial regime backed by ideology to a more liberal order leads through a valley of tears.
18338- To be viable, such an agreement must recognize the legitimate need for some regulation.
18339- Of course, the bombing of Dresden in 1945 was not exactly peaceful.
18340- By 2009, the US may have a State Department willing to speak up again.
18341- Some debtors default--the debtor problems then become the banks' problem--while others are forced to cut back their expenditures, deepening the downturn.
18342- United Russia, on the other hand, based its campaign on the progress made during President Putin's tenure: notable economic growth and slight improvement in people's living standards.
18343- One after the other, most European countries have reformed their economies, shedding the cozy arrangements that used to protect every interest group from the pressure of competition.
18344- Since autocratic regimes in the Middle East left little room for free expression, the mosque emerged as the only place where people could freely congregate.
18345- More fiscal space can be created by improving governance and strengthening the tax base, and, for the poorest countries, by achieving additional stable official development assistance (ODA) channeled through national budgets.
18346- The alliance can claim important achievements over the past 15 years: it helped to stabilize Europe as it enlarged to 26 members, almost double the Cold War number; it kept the Balkan conflict under control; it even accepted a role in extra-European security contingencies such as Afghanistan.
18347- According to one Soviet economist, by the late 1980's, only 8% of Soviet industry was globally competitive.
18348- Public discussion of new ways to finance retirement pension plans, or of introducing a negative income tax, sounds sweet to economists of all stripes, but it does not exactly mobilize public opinion.
18349- They cannot compete with efficient steel mills elsewhere - including (perish the thought) Korea's state-owned steel company.
18350- Nearly $7 billion dollars has entered the region in remittances, yet there is no single economic policy that attempts to leverage the development potential of this gift.
18351- Under our proposal, the savings from debt relief would be distributed directly to the private sector, alleviating donors' legitimate concerns while also responding to Nigerian grievances.
18352- Perestroika had no such historic precedent.
18353- The annual US budget deficit reached 5% of GNP, with an enormous part of the gap financed each year by Asian central banks, which now hold about $2 trillion in claims against America.
18354- The military reorganization that the NDPO envisages is far-reaching.
18355- The entrenched anti-capitalist, anti-globalization mood elsewhere is a source of concern.
18356- In exchange for economic support, the Kremlin will demand political loyalty.
18357- The truth, of course, is that aid is more stable than tax revenues in poor countries.
18358- Furthermore, roughly 60 nations are currently cooperating in the Proliferation Security Initiative to prevent dangerous weapons and materials from being transported to terrorists or outlaw regimes.
18359- The American economist Julian Simon allegedly issued a challenge in 1980 to a group of environmentalists, saying that if scarcity were to be measured in terms of higher prices, they should invest in stocks of any raw metal.
18360- Why?
18361- They use a scale of one to five, with one representing an optimal level of human rights and five indicating conditions of general terror.
18362- Two demographic acids are corroding Continental Europe's welfare states.
18363- True, the news coming from Iraq is horrible, but the US is fighting a full-blown war in Iraq; it is not engaged in a counterterrorist operation.
18364- In particular, member states will need to think much more radically about developing a strong EU foreign and security policy, for two reasons.
18365- The Nuclear Test Ban Treaty - negotiated with major US involvement - has been dismissed.
18366- Unsurprisingly, no European firm is currently interested in purchasing such credits.
18367- No one yet thinks that Chad is that country.
18368- In Asia, the standard of living doubles every decade .
18369- What has followed is the hijacking of Islam by radical angry men raised on Wahhabi dogma but disillusioned with the world they inherited.
18370- The biggest hidden story in international development these days may be Brazil's economic takeoff.
18371- Russians, it seems, can only feel good about themselves if they are contesting the world's great power head to head.
18372- But the heart of the matter is the deterioration of German-American relations.
18373- Some countries try to fight against this vicious circle.
18374- Of course, assassinations are nothing new in Serbia.
18375- As India's educated revolt against preferences, they should not do so in a way that reinforces illiteracy.
18376- -1.3
18377- This provoked the resignation of Budisa from the presidency of the Social Liberal Party, inciting a virtual split in this key coalition partner, the only party in the government coalition that wanted to resist the Hague Tribunal.
18378- The same approach would have been far less expensive and more promising vis-à-vis Saddam Hussein.
18379- Some liken Microsoft's behavior to IBM's infamous collaboration with the Nazis in Germany.
18380- But, for the most part, fiscal and monetary policies have so far not followed leaders' rhetorical promises of deep structural reforms and redistribution to favor the indigenous and the poor.
18381- China alone accounts for 86% of the US bicycle market.
18382- The US-style post-modern firm sees market dominance in terms of branding, or a manipulation of images that gives intellectual hegemony and can lead to market dominance.
18383- China's people have the biggest stake in environmental protection, and so must become the driving force.
18384- At first glance, a "surgical" strike may look tempting.
18385- Authority to build coalitions, push governments to fulfill deadlines, generate support or take the blame for failure must come from that traditional source of leadership, the nation state.
18386- There is a historical parallel to today's concern about the world's major reserve currency.
18387- This time the subject is no longer Russia versus China, because Russia has long ceased to be a point of comparison.
18388- Successful globalization requires that we think more like doctors and less like preachers.
18389- The rise of incompetent states brings about huge challenges: proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, religious and ethnic strife, rivalry for natural resources, waves of migration, drug trafficking, and deterioration of the environment.
18390- This is particularly important in the case of AIDS, because the spread of drug resistant viruses and the unwanted side-effects of existing medicines, means that new anti-retroviral drugs will be needed to keep treatments effective.
18391- On 16 October, 1962 President John F. Kennedy called together his closest advisors in the White House.
18392- The silver lining is that the European welfare state does indeed need trimming!
18393- But today's other EU members view the prospect of an ever-expanding Union to include Ukraine with fatalism and dread, for several reasons.
18394- What possible benefits can Russia gain by breaking this pledge? The motive seems to be brutally simple: "Precisely because you want it, we won't deliver.
18395- That strategy is containment.
18396- Even sharper declines are expected in the candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe, from a total of 105m to 85m, a fall of 20m, or about 20%.
18397- But, in the early 1970's, President Richard M. Nixon expanded the scope of affirmative action.
18398- Free speech is immensely precious, and so is the dignity and integrity of humans.
18399- Its leading journalists are Western-trained, many having worked for years at the BBC.
18400- The hardest challenge is redefining the fiscal criterion, but one thing is clear: it would be absurd if candidates had to pass a test that was never applied after entry.
18401- Looking back a year, we see how the future has changed.
18402- The "Gang of 16" is absolutely right that the EU should have a single president, not two.
18403- Around eight million impoverished people will die of these three preventable and treatable diseases in 2004.
18404- The adverse effects on growth will be felt everywhere, but nowhere more, perhaps, than in the energy-dependent South Korea and China.
18405- Having taxpayers cover the costs of university education is indeed redistributive, but in the wrong direction--the beneficiaries are most often the children of comfortable European families.
18406- At best you can grab a mere crumb of this frenetic global kaleidoscope.
18407- But this latest dispute is characteristic of a remarkable flurry of anti-Japanese activity in China since 2003.
18408- UN experts themselves warn that the greatest single threat to the planet's environment comes from the world's burgeoning population and its demand that ever more land be devoted to food production.
18409- It is becoming clear that no achievement, regardless of how great it may be, can justify the human cost that the Iraqi people paid over the last four decades.
18410- -5.2
18411- This, together with high agricultural growth rates, led to a dramatic rise in output, which increased at an annual average rate of 4.5%.
18412- In short, this pact with its excrescence had an enormous impact on the history of our region, right up to this day.
18413- Institutional investors fraudulently opened millions of accounts in order to manipulate prices.
18414- In short, lack of progress on reducing unemployment could be excused in the past: Europe faced more urgent problems and opportunities.
18415- Much the same is true for Spain and Portugal.
18416- One of the marvels of a market economy is how, every year, year after year, productivity--the amount of output produced by each worker in an hour--increases.
18417- The good news is that Rumsfeld is beginning to realize that the struggle against terrorism cannot be won by hard military power alone.
18418- In the case of Mexico, for example, opening up the electricity industry, which Mexico's constitution reserves to the government, has become the structural reform of the day demanded by the West.
18419- Nature's awesome powers have been on frightening display lately.
18420- This is true of the global economy as well.
18421- After all, atrocities -- including the Srebrenica massacre -- continued after the ICTY began operating.
18422- The difference is that George W. Bush won the presidency by a whisker, whereas William Hague could not avoid defeat.
18423- The second type of aquaculture entails the farming of carnivorous fish such as salmon or seabass, and increasingly, the fattening of wild tuna in captivity.
18424- In order to counter that pressure, he will have to show that a cessation of violence is in the higher interest of Palestinians.
18425- The recent trade agreement between Chile and the United States is being praised as the first significant agreement in the Western hemisphere since the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) was signed a decade ago.
18426- Terrorism, for bin Laden and his allies, is the only method available to strike at the West effectively.
18427- Echoing comments by Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, Deputy Economics Minister Mario Baldassarri said in Il Sole 24 Ore last week that all efforts to boost growth are in vain "if someone is pushing on the brake pedal."
18428- Economists have been more influential over the last 15 years than at probably any other time in history.
18429- Instead, the new comparative debate involves Asia's two new economic, demographic, and political giants, China and India.
18430- If Chile's left seems to be somewhat impervious to the trend, this has much more to do with the country's history and culture than with its socialist parties.
18431- East Asians entered the modern world of nation states in self-consciously discrete secular units.
18432- But the world has changed, and the left's old view simply no longer applies.
18433- Among the document's proposals is an end to the emergency rule imposed since President Anwar Sadat's assassination in 1981. That seemingly endless "emergency" has resulted in the severe restriction, or even suspension, of individual and political liberties.
18434- Sweden, too, has such bonds, as do other countries.
18435- A departure from what the late Raj Krishna dubbed the "Hindu rate of growth" came only in the fourth sub-period, from 1980-1999.
18436- After NAFTA was signed, America took actions to restrict tomatoes, avocados, corn brooms, and truck transportation.
18437- China, fearing that the law could be used to move Taiwan towards independence, reacted strongly even before the referendum bill was approved by the Legislative Yuan, Taiwan's parliament.
18438- If Arafat had taken this road - accepting Israel's existence, ending terrorism, and confronting Palestinian extremists - the conflict would have ended long ago.
18439- But if we want to discover the role that a religion like Islam plays in determining a society's fundamental shape, we can indeed be led astray by making comparisons between different countries or global regions.
18440- Most Palestinians are in complete agreement with these priorities.
18441- They can best help the court by coordinating their actions, exercising robust oversight, and helping to identify -- and, where necessary, solve -- problems as they arise.
18442- China's "Peaceful" Rise?
18443- Russia's Fascist Temptation
18444- The unresolved Arab-Israeli problem leads to the rise of radicalism and extremism.
18445- The latest survey of professional forecasters predicts a gradual upswing, with growth rising from an annual rate of 2.8% in the 4th quarter to 3.9% next year.
18446- Instead, the new elites are full of freebooting adventurers who are weeded out by more mature political systems.
18447- Advocates of this position see EU voters as terrified by the consequences of the May 2004 enlargement of the EU, when eight formerly communist states joined, and angry that they were not consulted about it.
18448- Mediobanca, the financial institution long at the heart of Italian family capitalism, was struggling since the death of its founder Enrico Cuccia and the removal of the man he had designated as his heir apparent.
18449- Then, with Palestinians gaining the upper hand, they can advance to a second stage in which all of Israel is conquered, implying armed struggle - which often takes the form of anti-civilian terrorism - for many more years.
18450- The issue, therefore, is not what Tony Blair, in his inaugural speech to the European Parliament, called a crisis of leadership.
18451- In these circumstances, the risk entailed by doing nothing far outweighs the costs of referring Iran to the Security Council.
18452- Indeed, the Nobel laureate economist Amartya Sen has demonstrated that free speech even helps mitigate seemingly natural catastrophes like famines, because it reveals the ways in which a few haves exploit the many have-nots.
18453- The idea of controlling epidemic disease and cutting absolute poverty sharply by 2015 is not naïve idealism, but hard-headed thinking amply supported by the best evidence.
18454- Death is suppressed socially, but the effect is that individuals' fear of death grows ever greater.
18455- And now?
18456- When the FIS seemed headed to victory, Algeria's army stepped in to prevent continuation of the vote.
18457- Qatar and Oman have elected consultative councils and enfranchised women.
18458- Can Thailand's Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra fill the regional leadership vacuum?
18459- His odyssey began on June 4, 1989, when he spent a horrific night trying to save hundreds of wounded and dying victims who flooded through his hospital's eighteen operating rooms as the People's Liberation Army opened fire on its way to Tiananmen Square.
18460- If he becomes indigent after receiving a residence permit, he cannot automatically be returned to his home country, as was possible before.
18461- Globalisation has brought increasing acceptance of common rules and legal norms, but this is not the same thing as universal acceptance of human rights.
18462- What produces good appointments is the threat that mediocre professors will make it difficult to attract good students and large research grants.
18463- The resistance to the reforms necessary to make the euro project viable, particularly in the area of public finance, was overcome by setting a precise, gradual timetable and clear penalties for missing the deadlines.
18464- Democracy and freedom expanded over recent decades into Latin America, Africa, Europe, and Asia, but the Muslim world continues to struggle.
18465- As EU members, the Baltic states would indirectly come under Nato's security shield, making explicit membership unnecessary perhaps.
18466- If, for example, Taiwan were to declare independence, China would likely intervene with armed force, regardless of the perceived economic or military costs.
18467- This will diminish Russia's chances of ever becoming a full democracy, for it can rule an empire only as a militarized state.
18468- (Japan's Finance Minister had threatened to commit hara-kiri if the revaluation rate was set at 17%.)
18469- At this stage, we know that free-trade agreements are useful, but are not silver bullets.
18470- Moreover, while the common security threat from the Soviet Union has disappeared, both the US and Europe face a new common threat from radical jihadist terrorism.
18471- One Europe
18472- In the past, China shied away from most multilateral problem solving, fearing that it might set a precedent for other countries to intervene in internal Chinese affairs.
18473- So, even though a law may be standardized, law enforcement may see divergent outcomes;
18474- In Tanzania, for example, the number of TB cases increased almost six-fold between 1983 and 2003, from approximately 12,000 to 64,500.
18475- It imposed rules requiring majority support from members of functional constituencies as well as geographic constituencies to take such steps.
18476- This is an important distinction.
18477- Tony Blair wants Britain to join the Euro, because he does not want to be excluded from the European core.
18478- As a result, holders of dollar-denominated assets should be looking forward to two alternative scenarios. In one, the value of the dollar will be low; in the other, the US will be in a depression.
18479- Multilateralism is a mechanism to get other countries to share the burden of providing public goods.
18480- The leaders of the G-7 will gather in Evian in a matter of days, looking for common cause and ways to heal a world rent by unspeakable violence.
18481- Indeed, Bush has backed several major anti-liberal initiatives: a steel tariff, the expansion of agricultural subsidies, and a declaration that FTAA [Free Trade Agreement of the Americas] negotiations cannot even consider the impact of US agricultural subsidy programs on trade.
18482- Perhaps I had forgotten the travails of President George W. Bush's predecessors in their second term, but his own current predicament shows that the constitutional limit has its own problems.
18483- It beggars belief that China and India are not members of the G-7.
18484- Paradoxically, the most successful open society in the world, the US, does not properly understand the first principles of an open society; indeed, its current leadership actively disavows them.
18485- The solemn face that Alberto Korda caught in his photographs became tough and unsympathetic.
18486- Remarkably, Palestine's Hamas prime minister, Ismael Haniyeh, was not received in Saudi Arabia in December, when he was traveling through the region pleading for support for his beleaguered government.
18487- Where can the needed funds come from?
18488- Part of the growing climate effect results from our sheer numbers.
18489- People do have strong reasons to be optimistic.
18490- Recent history has given us graphic evidence of what would happen if we do.
18491- Family members have been lost, homes destroyed, and livelihoods ruined.
18492- The vote shocked "old Europe" and the Arab world as much as the Bush administration.
18493- Likewise, other elements of Turkey's secular establishment, including the President and the military leadership, either opposed or were lukewarm, at best, to the idea of war in Iraq.
18494- When dreaming about a democratic future, we who were dissidents certainly had some utopian illusions, as we are well aware today.
18495- Yet Chinese leaders have spoken of China's "peaceful rise" or, more recently, its "peaceful development."
18496- In 2002, after terrorists took 800 theatergoers hostage, Putin ordered that an anti-terrorist component be added to Russia's military strategic plan.
18497- A theatre company has even been allowed to stage "Animal Farm," George Orwell's famous anti-authoritarian allegory, once known to socialist-bloc readers only via underground editions.
18498- To do further tests distinguishing the infected animals from the vaccinated ones is expensive, and not yet proven to be reliable.
18499- Nor can it maintain an international coalition of states against Al Qaeda-type terror if its members are asked to subscribe to today's wider, vaguer goal.
18500- France's Presidential Reality Show
18501- Scared people rarely make wise choices.
18502- Indeed, the dispatch of Japanese peacekeepers under UN command to Cambodia in 1992 (the first time the 240,000-strong SDF had ventured on a mission abroad) was bitterly contested.
18503- The Morality of Amorality in Foreign Policy
18504- But there are high economic and social costs to this agenda, one that goes far beyond the IMF's mandate.
18505- But for everyone except Bush - and those left unemployed by the lag in demand - it is an extraordinary opportunity.
18506- The ancient Greeks had no idea of progress, directional time, and linear history, culminating in humankind.
18507- They are made from proteins similar to those that the body uses during healthy operations, which means that they are able to fool the body's tools into making more prions.
18508- Lowering taxes for the rich: under the Bush administration's original proposal, a family of four earning $50,000 would have received zero - yes zero - benefits over four years, while a $5 million dollar a year family of four "struggling to make ends meet" would have received a whopping $500,000!
18509- But any solution in Afghanistan depends on eliminating its opium.
18510- This also will mean embracing new ways of engaging people throughout the world.
18511- But, while for Keynes, the key was to keep the sum of government spending and private investment stable, for Friedman the key was to keep the money supply &#45;&#45; the amount of purchasing power in readily spendable form in the hands of businesses and households&#45;&#45; stable.
18512- The current crop of left-wing political leaders is different from the populist " caudillos " of the past.
18513- The only way to begin to turn this tide is for the US to reverse its primarily unilateral approach to the region's problems.
18514- The heightened activity, much of it concentrated along the Pakistani border, suggests that some of Pakistan's army intelligence officers have resumed their support of the Taliban and its friends.
18515- These are the dangers that lead some to contemplate air strikes to destroy Iran's nuclear facilities before they can make weapons.
18516- But all factions lose, because violence continues and none of them achieves its goals.
18517- Early this month, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange announced that it will also work with us to explore the development of futures markets in US metropolitan-area home prices.
18518- The China National Petroleum Corporation holds a 40% stake in the Greater Nile Petroleum Company and has invested $3 billion in refinery and pipeline construction.
18519- Demagogues like Venezuala's Hugo Chavez or Carlos Menem--an Argentine presidential candidate once again--may seem like a bad joke, but anyone who cares about Latin America's fate should not laughing.
18520- Because all EU governments know that, for the foreseeable future, Europe will be capable of only modest military operations there is no great value in defining now how the Rapid Reaction Force will be used.
18521- Admiral Victor Kravchenko, the chief of the Navy staff, argued that the main threat to Russia is the US Navy.
18522- Ministers may not.
18523- In the Italian case, following the corruption scandals that have nearly sunk Il Calcio, Italy's premier football league, the national team had to rehabilitate the game in the eyes of their fellow citizens.
18524- But the broader picture -- whether, as in Mexico, a country is able to continue to go about its business as its political institutions sort out the mess -- matters far more.
18525- Using advanced statistical and mapping methods, they identified how these various threats are arrayed around the world.
18526- In advanced economies, Keynesian economics is the bread and butter of economic forecasting and policy making.
18527- Employees enjoy the least protection in the US, and a high degree of protection in Italy, France, and Germany.
18528- With both North Korea and Iran openly pursuing nuclear ambitions and a potential nuclear arms race in South Asia, it is critical that America provide leadership, in both word and in deed, to reduce the risks and the role of nuclear weapons throughout the world.
18529- The bravery of those who found their social conscience, overcame fear, and stood up to communist dictatorship remains fresh in my memory.
18530- Faced with meeting the constitutional requirement of getting votes from each state in the Federation, the candidates and their handlers have gone out of their way to avoid taking positions that ruffle feathers.
18531- He asked Castro three questions: 1) Did you know? 2) If so, what did you recommend? 3) What would the consequences for Cuba have been?
18532- Milton Friedman was a giant among modern social thinkers for at least two reasons.
18533- The EU should also take steps to improve its ability to conduct operations.
18534- These steps led to the European Commission's recent recommendation to begin accession negotiations with Turkey.
18535- There is every indication that they fear the reformers far more.
18536- Sadly, he may also have needed the support of some crime bosses at the outset.
18537- The tribes of the Asir region, which have a mixed sense of identity due to their close ties to Yemeni tribes, feel alienated from both the political and the economic center.
18538- Given l'Unione's razor-thin majority in the upper house, the most likely outcome is paralysis.
18539- This is why we can't tickle ourselves.
18540- These investments, in turn, would strengthen the private sector and economic growth.
18541- Today's anti-oligarch war has exposed Putin's failure to deliver the ``dictatorship of law'' he promised when he took office.
18542- As political parties bickered, King Gyanendra, who succeeded his murdered brother, sacked the prime minister in 2002 and ruled through an appointed cabinet.
18543- Reincarnating Evita
18544- But, again, Africa cannot afford them.
18545- Standard and Poor's estimates that it would cost around $518 billion (40% of GDP) to clean up their non-performing loans.
18546- Young Indian factory workers who fail to follow instructions are sometimes regret branded with red-hot iron rods, and some teenage Thai prostitutes are disciplined by having acid thrown in their faces.
18547- Most believe that oil ranks at the top of America's list of motives.
18548- As the world's leading-edge economy, America faces the hardest work in ensuring growth, for it must create - not only copy and adapt - new technologies, better forms of capital, and more productive business organizations.
18549- China's Decrepit Population
18550- Money from the international financial institutions was complemented by new money that creditor banks were supposed to put up as part of the price of being "rescued" by the IMF.
18551- The superstar role is enforced by military prowess but it becomes seriously damaged when it gets bogged down in worldwide disapproval, from greens, anti-globalizers and peaceniks, European cynicism, and the angry "Arab Street".
18552- Much of the world community stopped trading with South Africa, and stopped making investments in South African-based enterprises.
18553- Given the strength of the vote in its favor, and the importance that Putin's administration has given to the war in Chechnya, Russia's government is unlikely to give much weight to these quibbles.
18554- Sadly, a war fought for oil will be one that further destabilizes international politics and society, and undermines the true security of the US and the world.
18555- To protect itself, Pakistan's desperate military establishment, fearful of being labelled a proliferator and of ultimately being deprived of its nukes, has chosen to sacrifice Dr. Khan.
18556- Dying to save your home, family, or country may be rational. But martyrdom is different and dangerous.
18557- Anyone familiar with German history since 1800 is still astonished at the enthusiasm with which the nation that emerged from total defeat in 1945 embraced what many in previous generations would have called "unsuitable" Anglo-French political and economic models.
18558- Thus, while most respondents said they were not worried, nearly half expressed some worry.
18559- Most Ukrainians feel more secure because of these changes.
18560- This month, China and the European Union mark 30 years of official relations.
18561- Guantanamo was selected as the site to imprison them in a deliberate--and successful--effort to prevent American civilian courts asserting their jurisdiction.
18562- High winds--caused by parching of the earth's surface--may disperse pollution.
18563- But the game is not over.
18564- Along with parties and parliaments, elections have lost their charm. Declining voter turnout tells the story.
18565- But they will first have to make a conscious decision to accept Jordan as their home.
18566- This can be done, if we remove the ideological blinkers of the rich, and mobilize a partnership between rich and poor.
18567- This is potentially the most important step towards establishing a level playing field, as the transposition of Community legislation into national regulation still leaves too much room for discretion.
18568- With capital controls, people who badly want to move their capital across borders can't - unless they find some complaisant bureaucrat.
18569- Such is the case regarding Russia nowadays.
18570- It is, of course, always much easier to encourage others to undertake painful reforms than to look inward.
18571- With the demise of the Soviet Union, according to this argument, the bi-polar balance of power vanished and America became the world's only superpower, engendering resentment and envy - and hence a difficult time for US-European relations.
18572- It is important for Europeans to reflect on that as they prepare for further rounds of enlargement and consider starting accession negotiations with Turkey.
18573- We need to convince each other that the fight against this common enemy has to be fought with a keen eye to balancing the needs of security with those of human and minority rights.
18574- The frustration of many in the economically developed countries is, like the frustration of entire countries in developing regions, a challenge.
18575- Partly because of IMF mismanagement, this became a global financial crisis, raising interest rates for all emerging markets including Argentina.
18576- We listen to the survivors so that we survive.
18577- Complicating the picture further is the fact that Putin represents the most pro-Western force in Russia, while the state apparatus remains conservative, traditional, and archaic.
18578- The reason for this is simple.
18579- In fact, the link between European companies and national communities is becoming more tenuous by the day.
18580- Any success will confer a new sense of dignity and status on China.
18581- It is a paradox, indeed, that all candidates in Bolivia promise social and economic change when they all are basically looking at the past for inspiration and are in thrall to the same model of development.
18582- The Right Populism for Poland
18583- Of course, this will depress real wages and consumption, because the rise in peso revenues will be used instead to finance the investment needed to expand the export sector.
18584- The rebels lack any coherent political agenda and command little, if any, support among ordinary Colombians.
18585- While in other countries, most emphatically in Romania, but also in what was then Czechoslovakia and in Hungary, the alternative to communism was a vacuum or at best a few isolated organizations in civil society, Poland had an alternative source of legitimacy.
18586- What a pathetic ending for a man who could have become one of the most important leaders in modern Chinese history.
18587- So why did such a state suddenly explode?
18588- After 20 generations, each machine will have become more than a million.
18589- It proceeded step by step, setting limited objectives with limited timetables, knowing full well that each step would prove inadequate and require a further step.
18590- Wage costs in the ten new EU member countries are still only one-seventh their level in western Germany; wage costs in Rumania and Bulgaria are one-tenth.
18591- Karl Popper modified this scheme in his seminal book The Open Society and Its Enemies , published in 1944.
18592- Indeed, human travel in general should become increasingly limited to tourism and pleasure trips.
18593- Stem Cell Obscurantism
18594- By the time the last child whispers the information to the first, it is totally different from what was originally said.
18595- Church officials are not calling for that harsh a penalty.
18596- Rejecting Erbakan's earlier accusation that the EU was a "Christian Club," Erdogan has campaigned openly for full membership.
18597- As a young military officer, he had visited our country and had had an excellent experience.
18598- The framework we suggest has the important benefit of continuity. The PBC would not have to change its operational approach to monetary policy.
18599- This has happened with controversial issues concerning political reform and government accountability over the past few years.
18600- But the Commission now proposes to put the emphasis entirely on peer pressure -- naming and shaming offenders.
18601- So, instead of acting to defend our civilization, we prefer to discuss reducing our 35-hour workweek or improving our dental coverage, or extending our four weeks of annual paid vacation. Or perhaps we listen to television pastors preach about the need to "reach out to terrorists," to understand and forgive.
18602- A more relevant example may well be Turkey, where Islamist movements were dissolved by the courts; when they reappeared in a different guise, they had to undergo severe tests.
18603- Even with these increases, there is a long way to go to improve America's standing.
18604- But such scorn is misplaced, because popular entertainment often contains subtle images and messages about individualism, consumer choice, and other values that have important political effects.
18605- He may lower oil prices for someone close to him, like Belarus' dictator Alexander Lukashenko, and insist on a market price for someone else, but that's basically all he can do. I don't envision any serious conflict beyond that.
18606- Such a price hike would incite the worst recession in the last 50 years.
18607- By contrast, the small European states -- whether in Eastern or Western Europe -- have been much more flexible in responding to the challenges of the modern globalized economy.
18608- There were times when German capitalism was shown greater respect.
18609- For a short time, asset sales helped balance national budgets, and also provided resources for sustaining consumption.
18610- Indeed, sustainable development is a challenge for both China and Europe.
18611- Even when the donations made by Andrew Carnegie and John D. Rockefeller are adjusted for inflation, Buffett's is greater.
18612- We can't know, but there is little doubt that those "managing" the economy receive more credit than they deserve, if sometimes less blame.
18613- But if markets are working well, then returns will be higher only because risk is higher.
18614- Writing from 1930's Shanghai, China's great essayist Lu Xun once observed: "Today there are all kinds of weeklies.
18615- Will the Polluters Pay for Climate Change?
18616- In arguing for his candidacy, Ortega wants supporters to believe that his presidential campaign is part of the wave of recent victories won by the Latin American left.
18617- With Allende's victory, Chile's stock exchange and markets were gripped by financial panic.
18618- Those who predict generally low interest rates over the next generation point to rapid growth of productivity and potential output in the world economy.
18619- The UN is helping set-up free elections in both Afghanistan and Iraq.
18620- If a developing country's trade deficit is offset by assistance through a grant of the new global money, its overall financial position will be secure.
18621- Today the goal is moving from the dream world to the real world.
18622- Since the start of this decade, neither recession nor hurricanes nor sky-high oil prices have seemed to dent their appetites.
18623- For markets to work, for the appropriate signals for efficient resource allocation to be provided, investors must have as much information as possible.
18624- The IMF - in which the US is the only country with veto power - shows little sympathy with such political concerns in the developing world.
18625- But something more than bad luck and self-fulfilling prophecies are at work.
18626- Kurdish terrorists have been active in Turkey for decades; Islamic terrorists assassinated President Anwar Sadat in l981 and later tried to assassinate President Mubarak.
18627- It may well be resolved with different answers that accord with different countries' traditions, although tax credits and similar additions to people's incomes are more compatible with free societies.
18628- With Cardinal Schönborn's intervention, the peace between science and religion that in Old Europe had held almost since the Enlightenment -- and at least since the historically hard-won eviction of the Church from politics in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries -- seemed suddenly to have been broken.
18629- At a minimum, Bush will need to pursue policies -- in a more consultative manner -- that seek a political solution in Iraq and progress in the Israel-Palestine peace process.
18630- Yet the spark in Bolivia was more than a regional economic crisis amplified by bad geography and a distrusted gas deal.
18631- Alongside the debate about the European Union constitution, a debate about European values has also developed.
18632- Louis Uchitelle of The New York Times quotes the highly intelligent Catherine Mann commenting on the "co-dependent relationship…between the US and its trading partners," which might "last for quite some time," because "the US and its main trading partners have a vested interest in the status quo."
18633- The scenario is not altogether unlikely. Indeed, in the United States and France, there are even alternative female candidates for the presidency (Condoleezza Rice in America, Michelle Alliot-Marie in France).
18634- But Iraq's greatest challenges lie ahead.
18635- If that growth is not achieved in an environmentally sustainable way, its effects on poverty and human well-being will be disastrous.
18636- When markets fear that a country might not repay its debts, they demand higher interest rates, which in turn make countries less willing or able to repay, justifying the initial fear.
18637- In the debate over the Guantanamo Bay prisoners and the Geneva Convention America's realists have, once again, won out over America's ideologues.
18638- There is a greater sense of America as a community, a greater sense of social cohesion, than has existed for years, perhaps decades.
18639- Things do not move as fast as they want them to, or not at all, owing to conditions that they do not control.
18640- But unlike backward-looking military strategy, flawed monetary policies produce inevitable damage, not merely worrisome risks.
18641- The International Court of Justice has completed its hearings on the legality of the barrier Israel is building in the occupied West Bank.
18642- The oldest distinction of homo sapiens - ritual burial of the dead - is disappearing.
18643- Many who supported Lopez Obrador's candidacy do not support the post-election protests in his name.
18644- The only open question in both places is how much damage Israel will need to inflict to obtain new cease-fires.
18645- Hujin has already injected $60 billion of China's foreign-exchange reserves into the Bank of China, the China Construction Bank, and the Industrial and Commercial Bank.
18646- But what is needed is a deeper and more global perspective than either side allows.
18647- Recently, under the aegis of the UN, a referendum on the future of Cyprus was held within the island's Greek and Turkish communities.
18648- Today most of the world's finance ministers are committed to balancing the budget over the business cycle.
18649- The tragedy of millions of impoverished people dying of AIDS even when drugs exist to treat them raises deep questions about global intellectual property rights, because patent protection is creating a barrier to essential medicines reaching the world's poor.
18650- It was Singh, serving in mid-1991 as India's Finance Minister, who began India's market reforms.
18651- No sooner did one intergovernmental conference produce a "settlement" than the wheels started turning to prepare for a successor conference and a successor settlement.
18652- In any given year, roughly 10 million such "laborers" existed.
18653- But looking back on the 1970's and 1980's, the socioeconomic failures of the despotic regimes that embodied this worldview are glaringly obvious.
18654- Membership in the EU should not be the determining factor in European statecraft.
18655- No doubt special circumstances accompanied that vote, but the effort which the country's most respected and powerful politician expended in order to gain the backing of Germany's parliament (as well as his coalition partners, the Greens) should be a warning to other Western governments not to leave their publics behind as they engage in the tough, multi-year campaign against the planners and executors of international terrorism.
18656- Indeed, corruption scandals have been a fixture on the region's landscape since time immemorial.
18657- Germany is a democracy firmly anchored in the European Union, and there is no threat of Soviet tanks sweeping across the North German plains.
18658- Though triggered by the need to devise an exit strategy from the Iraqi quagmire, the Iraq Study Group's grim report is a devastating indictment of the Bush administration's entire foreign policy.
18659- If his administration increases the fiscal surplus through expenditure cuts or new taxes, this may reassure international capital markets.
18660- By early adoption I mean the shortest permissible period of time - two years - following a new member subordinating its monetary policy to the fiscal and monetary constraints of the exchange rate mechanism (ERM II).
18661- The critical point here is that a retail price includes not only the price of the goods but also distribution costs - wages of shop personnel, rent, advertising, profit margins, etc. These differ vastly across countries, as the table suggests.
18662- Unfortunately, Dr. Krueger's track record is not reassuring.
18663- A few years later, the World Health Organization, and then other international agencies and donor countries, joined the cause, creating a coalition of official and private organizations that now support Rotary's vision.
18664- Here's a plausible scenario.
18665- The children of Mao's senior cadres who enjoyed the greatest fame during the Cultural Revolution are now the principal beneficiaries of today's economic reforms.
18666- The Hothouse of US-China Relations
18667- Indeed, most countries are far more heterogeneous than Burundi but have never fallen into ethnic war.
18668- Back to Afghanistan
18669- Great as the death toll, physical and emotional suffering of survivors, and property damage caused by the tsunami were, even greater losses could be inflicted by other disasters of low (but not negligible), or unknown, probability.
18670- The refusal to make a reference to God is based on the false argument that confuses secularism with neutrality or impartiality.
18671- The rallying call against paying foreign debt, which was ubiquitous in Latin America in the 1980's, was buried when the Argentinean government did the same thing, committing one-third of its reserves to pay in advance its debts to the IMF.
18672- It is in light of this that Putin's moves against Khodorkovsky should be seen.
18673- By contrast, average fertility rates in the world's poorest countries--say, Somalia, Yemen, and Uganda--are vastly higher, reaching more than seven births per woman.
18674- In America, presidents are limited to two terms in office.
18675- According to World Bank figures the total exports, other than oil and gas, of the whole Arab world amount to less than those of Finland.
18676- The answer is simple, and it is a matter of demand, not supply.
18677- Even those who are certain, like North Africans in Spain and France, or Turks in Germany, had as their priority escaping the hopelessness of their home countries, not arriving at a particular destination.
18678- The bank must be careful not to bite off more than it can chew.
18679- By contrast, the humanities and the natural sciences share a sense of reality that transcends time and place; hence their common interest in a fixed "human nature." This is tied to a way of thinking and a sense of knowing that is largely contemplative and sometimes even disempowering, as reality comes to seem to be whatever resists our concerted efforts at change.
18680- Surveys indicate that business confidence is up throughout the euro-zone economy, indicating that a domestic investment boom may be around the corner.
18681- New York City stands out as a very big island with a small ocean, while in Mumbai, we find a tiny island and a vast ocean.
18682- No one on the Council wanted to upset Germany, for all of them recognized that the same problem could one day confront them.
18683- But why does this seem so surprising?
18684- This will require much work on the part of both immigrants and native Dutch.
18685- Sovereign regimes require a political identity.
18686- Annan's staff released evasive, confused statements.
18687- Were Europe's leaders to now balk at beginning accession talks with Turkey, they would not only contradict their own previous decisions; they would also be in clear breach of the Union's repeated political commitments to Turkey.
18688- When its terrorists struck America in 2001, they seemed to confirm the Western world's worst fears about Islam.
18689- They recognize their vested interest in overcoming their divisions and rebuilding their political community.
18690- Under-investment in technology is evident throughout the economy.
18691- Still, skeptics say that NATO membership is unnecessary, that future membership in the EU should suffice.
18692- Democracy is not mentioned anywhere in the study.
18693- If states feel compelled to act in the case of Council stalemate, they should know that they would do less damage to their reputations if they act within the Panel's guidelines for legitimacy, even if they fail to satisfy its criterion for legality.
18694- To be sure, political and market volatility in a broad range of emerging-market economies will continue.
18695- Once the original six core countries began to expand to include northern, southern, and, most recently, eastern European countries, the old federal vision was doomed.
18696- After ploughing the land in preparation for winter wheat, however, the farmers slaughtered the cattle because they could not keep them fed throughout the winter, because no fodder was provided.
18697- However, a strategy can be "cost-effective" only if it is feasible.
18698- · Weak public finances .
18699- Even though it is no longer a global superpower, Russia's vast oil and gas reserves make it an energy superpower, and Putin seems intent on playing that card.
18700- Interestingly, such retrospective support for Saddam and his dictatorial regime is now being met with growing indignation in the Arab World, because ordinary Arabs are only now learning of the crimes perpetrated by the Ba'ath Party regime.
18701- Nevertheless, it would be a great loss -- extending far beyond the world of football -- if Zidane's disgraceful exit as a player comes to define his legacy as a man.
18702- The emperor was the supreme paterfamilias, his benevolent rule reciprocated by the obedience of his ministers and subjects, while family members were fixed in their appropriate hierarchical relationships.
18703- Bush says that reform is urgently needed, because the system will be insolvent in about a quarter-century.
18704- Today, the Japanese must open up their country themselves.
18705- But we don't.
18706- Poor Maradona.
18707- Clear, too, was the fact that, in promoting its tax cuts, the Bush Administration was engaging (on a multi-billion dollar scale) in dishonest, Enron-like accounting.
18708- In recent years, both China and India have adopted foreign policies that have increased their attractiveness to others.
18709- -2.3
18710- It is very risky to create a dangerous situation for political ends, because, more often than not, it is likely that the situation will become uncontrollable.
18711- More effective use of counter-cyclical policies may have subsequently smoothed out the economic cycle, but this cannot explain why productivity and incomes also grew more rapidly than in the 19th century.
18712- Moreover, as globalization shrinks distance, events in faraway places - like Afghanistan - have a greater impact on everyone's lives.
18713- Indeed, a constitution is by its nature an attempt to "tame" history, to make it follow the laws of man rather than its own logic, including unwelcome contingencies and the whims of fate.
18714- They offered to exchange the soldier for the release of 95 women and 313 children who are among almost 10,000 Arabs in Israeli prisons, but this time Israel rejected a swap and attacked Gaza in an attempt to free the soldier and stop rocket fire into Israel.
18715- No court should convict someone lightly because of the views he espouses in the public sphere.
18716- Are they, as well as children brought there by their parents, collectively guilty just because some government officials might have violated the Rome Statute since July 2002?
18717- The extremists have been able to block peace because any attack from one side has systematically provoked a violent counterattack from the other.
18718- For the first time since the 1960s, a coalition representing this moderate constituency controls the government with a large enough majority to pursue its agenda.
18719- When you're poor, you don't have a credit card, and most of the stranded were especially strapped for funds because it was the end of the month.
18720- But "it's not a total disaster because people have this balance."
18721- Many human viral diseases have not been with us very long, perhaps only ten to twenty thousand years.
18722- Indeed, the overwhelming majority of African rulers regard their countries as their personal possessions, to be used as they see fit.
18723- The size of the tax cuts that it did promote was so large, however, that it provided some stimulus anyway.
18724- Undocumented workers thus enter the cycle of those who live and drive with nearly throwaway cars that cost between $200 and $700.
18725- The first includes the perpetrators of the attacks on the United States in 2001, the Bali bombing in 2002, the Madrid train bombing in 2003, and the London bombings in the summer of 2005.
18726- America, India, Europe, and Japan will face increasing tension between their short-term military needs in the region and their long-term goal of promoting political reform in order to create more stable and reliable partners.
18727- With the reforms, the urgently needed substantive decisions that will directly affect the lives of the Mexicans -- energy, tax, and labor reform, the improvement of education, and poverty reduction -- can be made.
18728- Most intriguingly, the countries that have done the best in recent years are those that relied the least on foreign financing.
18729- Such anonymity also holds for those who are left untreated in "triage" -- the sorting of casualties when natural or man-made disasters strike.
18730- In a world where anti-Semitism and racism fester, where prejudice on national, religious, colored-based, or ethnic grounds foster discrimination, that is the view that best nurtures the rights of all.
18731- Moreover, like toxicity and persistence, little is known about how nanoparticles are likely to move about in the environment.
18732- Or what if, after a few years, the whole thing devolves into an empty exercise in political correctness?
18733- This is not to say that the issues are simple or that there are easy answers.
18734- Many Russian officials will lose patience with Russia's remaining a status-quo power, and one hopes that they will not seek confrontation.
18735- That's the equivalent of adding productive power equal to a quarter of the economy of India - and adding it every year.
18736- What Is Wrong With Sub-Saharan Africa?
18737- Thus, at the beginning of the current decade, the democratic system of political checks and balances that had been created in the 1990's began to be dismantled.
18738- What remains debatable and contentious is the right of citizens to choose their leaders.
18739- Israelis and Palestinians cannot find the way out alone, because neither side would dare to forcibly disarm its own extremists without absolute proof that the other side will do the same.
18740- The second great challenge is that our modern energy system is destabilizing the global climate.
18741- But why would the EU fall into chaos and the euro wilt if the Treaty of Nice remains in force.
18742- A fall in the value of the dollar reduces Americans' standard of living, but it does not cause the kind of liquidity and solvency crises we have seen so often in the past decade--at least not if New York's major financial institutions have well-hedged derivative books; if not, all bets may be off.
18743- Shouldn't America's leaders be trying to shorten the period that other societies are vulnerable to the evils that made the twentieth century the bloodiest in the history of mankind?
18744- When nations embark on a program of ever closer integration, the end result is always likely to look unfinished if they put aside - on an ongoing basis - any resolution of the ultimate destination.
18745- So there is nothing in principle new or surprising about the ongoing, almost endless drama that has engulfed Brazil's President Luis Ignacio "Lula" da Silva, his political organization -- the Partido dos Trabalhadores (PT, or Workers' Party) -- and much of the country's political elite.
18746- But this cannot be the whole explanation, because a similar radicalization is occurring within German's left, where the alliance of the post-communist PDS -- still powerful in the Länder of what was East Germany -- and SPD dissidents led by Oskar Lafontaine promotes equally radical proposals.
18747- No government can control outcomes without the cooperation of others.
18748- Equality of the sexes poses the gravest difficulties--particularly because Muslim girls in Britain increasingly assert it.
18749- Another campaigner under investigation by his parliament for being ``economical with the truth'' is German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder. But his case is very different.
18750- This, in turn, would support fragile balance-of-payments positions throughout the region, potentially assisting with pervasive debt-repayment problems.
18751- Five to six million people, mostly children, die every year due to waterborne diseases, such as diarrhea, and air pollution.
18752- Throughout Asian history, the continent's ancient foundations of power were more sharply divided from one another--and over much longer time spans--than in Europe.
18753- The upshot is that whenever a problem gets out of hand, the turnaround comes too late and is dramatic.
18754- This rule serves to curb inflationary demand pressure while preventing elected officials from squandering the country's riches on politically rewarding but economically wasteful projects.
18755- The French do not care that they have never been able to articulate their vision of a "third way," for they remain deeply convinced that the state has a key role to play in steering markets in order to defend "higher" values from the single-minded pursuit of materialism.
18756- But even from the perspective of oil interests, war against Iraq is a risky venture: not only is the impact on price, and therefore on oil company prices, highly uncertain, but other oil producers, including Russian and European interests, will not easily be ignored.
18757- But there was something troubling about this formulation, in particular with the word "developing," which is often a euphemism for the absence of economic development.
18758- Indeed, Zidane's status as an emblematic champion of the world's most universal and popular sport does not fully explain why people have been so obsessed with him.
18759- The problem with viewing antidepressants as the main method for preventing recurrence is that many people do not want to stay on medication for indefinite periods, and when the medication stops, the risk of becoming depressed again returns.
18760- Are elements within the military continuing to support radical Islamist militias opportunistically, as they began to do in recent years?
18761- But, at the least, Dr. Krueger's arrival at the Fund does not bode well -- either for the developing world or for shoring up the IMF's eroded legitimacy.
18762- From the Japanese perspective, there was an ``account of victimization,'' in which ``atomic bombs have become the symbol of a specific type of suffering -- rather similar to the Holocaust for the Jews.''
18763- The club-restaurant "Major Pronin:" is conveniently located in the vicinity of the KGB-FSB headquarters.
18764- Back home, they practice just-in-time manufacturing, 360-degree performance evaluations (including bosses reviewed by subordinates), and re-engineering - all with unmatched resourcefulness and purposefulness.
18765- What British imperial planners did was to stitch together three disparate provinces of the old Ottoman Empire and put at their head a prince from Hedjaz (now a part of Saudi Arabia).
18766- That seems unlikely.
18767- Britain is nowadays experiencing what can almost be called the self-destruction of the opposition Conservative Party.
18768- I have been open about my contributions, and I welcome the debate they have sparked.
18769- Even if Malawi is well governed, its people will die of disease in large numbers unless Malawi receives adequate assistance.
18770- Instead there is a kind of paralysis - born of a mix of loyalty, fear, and indoctrination - as they grudgingly wait for Castro to expire.
18771- This is not to compare Hamas to any of these political forces.
18772- Perhaps what Iraq needs most is not a ballot box, but an Atatürk.
18773- -2.5
18774- So there must be other differences.
18775- If the finance minister gets his sums right, the national debt remains the same over the cycle, with no tendency to grow or contract.
18776- Unfortunately, that is a facile excuse.
18777- When aid is measured as a share of GNP, the US places last among all rich countries. Many European countries contribute ten times more on a relative basis.
18778- Divided by their different interpretations, Muslims do not play the role they once did in the world; instead, they are weakened and victimized.
18779- Economic union has benefited many; but it is not the type of driving force that inspires.
18780- For economies with a strong track record, such as Sweden and the UK, joining the Euro offers little to gain and much to lose - at least for now.
18781- Nor is it possible to force decisions without parliamentary support, as in France.
18782- The second analogy, to the old balance-of-power system in Europe, is especially popular among Israeli and American diplomats.
18783- Rabello de Castro argues that "the country lacks an institutional model or a productive order that comes to terms with fast growth."
18784- Japan's budget needs to shift to debt reduction by some 10% of GDP -- and that in an economy already in recession!
18785- The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Leonid Kuchma and his acolytes: that democracy means taking responsibility for one's fate into one's own hands.
18786- The brains of schizophrenia sufferers may be vulnerable to becoming "stuck" in these hallucinatory states.
18787- Although non-governmental organizations are doing an effective job, responsibilities assigned to different European countries -- such as helping the Afghan government with law enforcement and poppy eradication -- have fallen short of both needs and promises.
18788- But forming a coalition government is unlikely to ease the tension between Hamas and Fatah.
18789- There is a growing body of expertise to help get the job done.
18790- With regard to IT use , Europe has spent a lot of money investing in IT, but often not for productive purposes.
18791- The IMF did not want Russia to devalue, and it provided billions of dollars to prop up the exchange rate.
18792- The United States is something different.
18793- Indeed, China's ties with Myanmar's military dictators look set to turn into a de facto military alliance.
18794- Negotiating a follow-up treaty to the Kyoto Protocol, they argue, requires that we seek even deeper cuts in the pollution that causes global warming.
18795- Like so many problems in the re-birth of states wounded by dictatorship--Eastern Europe is a good example--Iraq's difficulties have deep historical roots.
18796- But hopes for democracy, be it secular or Islamist, for the people concerned have been buried in the rubble and carnage of Baghdad, Beirut, and Kandahar.
18797- Social mobility in Lebanon, it seems, is extremely low and family background is a key factor in determining social outcomes.
18798- Most likely, he would have done worse. In an interview, David's father did not deny that his son would be better off with Madonna, and he refused to support the human rights activists seeking David's return.
18799- A report for the Chair of the EU Commission by a team of experts led by Jacques Sapir argued explicitly for a reorientation of the Union's "cohesion" policies eastwards, i.e. , in favor of those who most need them.
18800- The agenda of the Security Council was and remains power, and meeting crises, mostly with military means.
18801- But recent harvests had been lousy and farmers had little or nothing to feed their animals and themselves.
18802- People happily, and reliably, assign numbers to their understandings of everything from complex machines to biological systems to natural phenomena such as the tides; but these ratings are usually far higher than their actual knowledge.
18803- Many ultimately choose to immigrate to America permanently, and it is relatively easy for them to do so, thanks to a society that still welcomes outsiders with open arms (even if things have become more difficult since 2001).
18804- When it comes to values, any attempt to divide the American and the European traditions is misguided.
18805- But Blair, beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in Iraq, thought he could avoid trouble at Westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 (that is, a comfortably long time in the future), and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum.
18806- It funded Jonas Savimbi in Angola when it looked like he would be helpful in overthrowing the Marxist regime in the capital, Luanda.
18807- For them it will be just another instance of having to bear the costs of policy mistakes made in the advanced industrial countries, another instance of globalization gone awry.
18808- Venezuelans Test Democracy
18809- Trust has been decimated.
18810- Our economy has not been adversely affected by staying out.
18811- American prosecutors in the Enron case have made important progress lately, with some important crooks, like Andrew Fastow, offering both guilty pleas and a willingness to testify against their former colleagues.
18812- For many years, Venezuela had excellent relations with its neighbors, without having to buy their friendship.
18813- They will fudge, which may buy time, but that will make the price of a solution far higher.
18814- Anti-Semitic outrages are also reported elsewhere: in Berlin and London, in Switzerland, Italy, Sweden, the Netherlands, and in parts of Eastern Europe.
18815- No one doubts that intelligence operations and police actions are needed to fight terrorists.
18816- The economic analysis pillar is based on a wide set of domestic and international economic indicators from the real and financial sectors (wages, import prices, interest and exchange rates etc.).
18817- Another factor arose from the fact that Tamils, on the whole, had been open to a succession of Portuguese, Dutch, and British administrations from the 16th century onwards, while most Sinhalese lived under their own king in the Kandyan kingdom until the 19th century.
18818- Typically, the poorest of the poor are pushed into the riskiest places to live and work -- and also to die when natural catastrophes strike.
18819- In international trade, openness was achieved not by reducing import barriers, but by creating special economic zones with different rules than those applied to domestic production.
18820- For the Americans, there was ``a heroic or triumphant account in which atomic bombs represent the final blow against an aggressive, fanatic, and savage enemy.''
18821- In an age of missiles and terrorist threats, many people think that "sea power" is a word and concept from the past.
18822- So I began my own database, mostly using translated DNA sequences; I called it NEWAT (New Atlas).
18823- One of these struggles is taking place among Muslims themselves over the shape of reform within their own societies.
18824- It always comes back to oil.
18825- For globalization is both a challenge and an opportunity.
18826- As Kennan explained, when America goes to war over something less than a vital interest, the adversary -- for whom vital interests are at stake -- will fight long after the war has become too unpopular at home to sustain.
18827- So you might think that US industries exposed to severe international price competition would deem the dollar's strength undesirable.
18828- It was US policy that failed.
18829- The primary check was that other countries could demand conversion of their growing dollar reserves into gold at the fixed price of $35 per ounce.
18830- The surest way to avoid these debilities is to remove the conditions in which they thrive.
18831- 1.3
18832- Otherwise, today's "fencing in" of the rich world will increase the risk of a backlash against free circulation of goods and capital, as well as of political instability punctuated by terrorism.
18833- So solicitous of the terrorists' desires are some countries that America's representative to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) conducted negotiations with Macedonian politicians and terrorist commanders not in Skopje or Tetovo but in Prizren, a Kosovar city where they are influential.
18834- Reform is nonetheless clearly possible.
18835- In 1992, Bradford DeLong of the University of California at Berkeley and Lawrence Summers, now President of Harvard University, showed in a famous paper that countries with higher investment, especially in equipment, historically have had higher economic growth.
18836- For him, a survivor of extreme poverty and oppression, communism was a beautiful, sustaining dream, the hope of a just and advanced society.
18837- Democracy is supposedly on the march in the Middle East.
18838- The Worldly Philosophers
18839- They introduced numerals, enabling simple and limitless calculations.
18840- The Cultural Revolution's major figures, who wrought so much mindless violence, thus either maintain their silence or offer spurious self-defenses.
18841- It asserted, in effect, that the Sakharov Museum exhibition organizers had committed an administrative rather than a criminal offense.
18842- Control over operating costs is the key to understanding of Shell's big profits in Nigeria.
18843- A "two-speed" Europe means the end of the EU as we know it.
18844- The first time I was a child, this second I'm an old man.
18845- For the first time in fifty years, China and Taiwan share real interests.
18846- "Can it be cured?"
18847- Suddenly, a new business was born.
18848- Congress rightly felt nervous about turning over control of nuclear production to a firm in weak financial conditions, and required Treasury certification.
18849- It is now clear that today's anti-depressants are not the wonder drugs they were touted as being.
18850- Terrorism aimed at the destruction of the liberal order is a test of that order.
18851- If you are a good Muslim, you will start again from the beginning.
18852- When Bush declared war on terror, he used that war to invade Iraq.
18853- Science asks immediate questions. Religion asks ultimate questions.
18854- On current trends, the millennium targets for the environment will not be met.
18855- He insisted on being consulted by the Bush administration on US plans, and when some in Washington thought aloud about taking on Iraq after Afghanistan, the Prime Minister registered a clear veto.
18856- In the US, the poorest 20% of households receive just 5% of total income, putting their income at around one-fourth of the national average.
18857- For a short time, Rudi thought about joining the Clinton administration.
18858- Nevertheless, since the liberation of Kuwait following the Iraqi occupation in August 1990, the parliament has gained both stability and respect.
18859- Raising such questions when nanotechnology is still in its infancy may result in better, safer products and less long-term liability for industry.
18860- The main contribution of the zones was to experiment with market forces in a limited, and therefore politically acceptable, way before applying their lessons across the country.
18861- Established parties seem almost to have an unwritten pact to play down the significance of immigration.
18862- I know this mindset well.
18863- On the contrary, the real problem is that, for all their dabbling, the Western powers seem capable of neither war nor dialogue.
18864- Optimists beware: the arrest of Mikhail Khodorkovsky--and the freezing of his shares in oil giant Yukos--will have a profound long-term impact on Russia's economy and on relations between business and government.
18865- A cursory glance at most of the conflict-ridden countries in Africa shows that monopolization of political power over extended periods of time has not only helped institutionalize corruption, as leaders surround themselves with trusted relatives and cronies, but has also been a major cause of coups and conflict.
18866- According to the report, the General Assembly has lost vitality, the Security Council must be more proactive, the Commission on Human Rights suffers from a legitimacy deficit, the Secretariat should be more professional and better organized, and major institutional gaps hinder responses to economic and social threats to international security.
18867- Stepping in to back the embattled president, the Organization of American States recently issued a call that Toledo be allowed to finish his term.
18868- Perhaps the biggest weakness in the true believers' argument is the trade deficit.
18869- Likewise, the collapse of peace processes in Angola and Haiti and the various setbacks in Cambodia and Nicaragua during the 1990's reflect a failure to demobilize and integrate.
18870- With employers unwilling to hire workers that they cannot easily fire, French young people are right to feel uncertain about their future.
18871- The development of civil societies, economic growth, and openness to the world are equally important.
18872- Partly for this reason, EU enlargement is superior--at least for financial markets--to political unification, which encourages vested interests to lobby at the central level.
18873- In these circumstances, gradual confidence building will not work.
18874- No one would want Mexico to add to that total, or to witness the emergence of serious anti-democratic tendencies.
18875- The constant ability of Africa's leaders to betray their people is the root cause of Africa's current misery.
18876- Saint Peter's successors as Roman pontiffs oversaw a network of Church-run universities which educated cultural elites in the same way and in the same language (Latin).
18877- Climate change, deforestation, growing populations, and other ecological strains will challenge the very survival of hundreds of millions of people around the world in the coming decades.
18878- By contrast, reunited Germany has some 80 million people, France only 60 million.
18879- The increased costs could further depress the drop of cross-border capital flows that has been underway for two years, since the end of the US stock market boom.
18880- Trade More than Aid
18881- Is the Market Moral?
18882- He could identify with both groups: he belongs to one and his work has made him intimately familiar with the other.
18883- The more dangerous outcome is that the assassination may reinforce the belief in Serbia that only authoritarian rule is possible.
18884- That can happen with anyone, but it is still no reason for revolution, which is always better wished on someone else than on yourself.
18885- In Italy, all but two Serie A championships since 1991 have been won by either Juventus or AC Milan.
18886- These flexible groups are particularly effective in penetrating states without regard to borders.
18887- But financial markets--which do not have much to lose from unemployment, but are affected by inflation--are typically well represented.
18888- But then Hwang's collaborators began questioning the validity of the experiment itself, and Hwang notified Science that he wished to withdraw the paper.
18889- The existing world order -- created by the US itself -- was first devalued in American eyes, then weakened, and finally consciously attacked.
18890- This Treaty makes them stronger.
18891- Two studies that I conducted with colleagues at the University of Beirut use Lebanon to examine the relationship between religion and such social and cultural characteristics as inequality, preference for sons, and the degree of female labor market participation.
18892- But to make it absolutely certain, Kahuta issued glossy brochures aimed at "classified organizations."
18893- Above all, he is a practical man.
18894- When it didn't, either the official representatives left in protest at our presence, or we left hurriedly, or we all pretended not to notice each other, or -- albeit on rare occasions -- we started to converse with each other, which frequently were the only moments of dialogue between the regime and the opposition (not counting our courthouse encounters).
18895- Worker Protests In China:  Plentiful But Preempted
18896- An entirely new financial culture needs to be implemented to eliminate corruption, and this will require that Africans monitor other Africans.
18897- What he doesn't understand is that the memory of Auschwitz is also the memory of the Battle of Britain, the bombing of Dresden, the occupation of Paris, and the Warsaw uprising.
18898- Between the first and second half of the 1990's, the "residual component of yearly productivity growth" (the part measuring the efficiency with which all the factors of production are used), declined by over 1% in Italy, Spain, and the UK. It remained constant in France and Germany, while going up by 0.66% in the US.
18899- In the middle of the wall is a target representing New York's World Trade Center being approached by an aircraft, with the inscription "Save America."
18900- Like the Berlin Wall, China's Internet restrictions may be technically sound, even as they defend the indefensible and sustain the unsustainable.
18901- We neither could nor should seek to put an end to globalization.
18902- If it were not for its role as protector of Mecca and Medina, the House of Saud would appear as little more than a royal family with 5000 princes, many of whom appear to spend their lives whoring and boozing.
18903- The central bank can help with familiar tools.
18904- But things are more complicated than that.
18905- According to Young, those who have at least some talent will form a "pioneer corps" of plumbers and builders and other skilled workers.
18906- Negotiations are useful, too, because they promote an internal debate in Iran.
18907- But speedy growth always incites turbulence, which China will have to minimize and manage.
18908- These groups are fed up with how radicals have smeared Islam in Indonesia, and they are beginning to work together to challenge the extremists head on.
18909- But the Saudi establishment's serious response to the May 2003 attack on a civilian compound in Riyadh at least gives a glimmer of hope that the al-Saud may see reform as their only hope of survival.
18910- Pokemon cartoons are broadcast in 65 countries, and Japanese animation is a huge hit with filmmakers and teenagers everywhere.
18911- The good news is that everything we know about economic development suggests that large-scale institutional transformation is hardly ever a prerequisite for jump-starting growth.
18912- These findings have been reinforced by an extensive control study to identify risk factors for variant CJD, which recently identified two cases of human-to-human transmission of variant CJD infection through transfusions of particular types of red blood cells.
18913- In this respect, the oligarchs and their political placemen who insist that their right to stolen property is sacred make the same crude claim as the regime that we overthrew: that they have an indefeasible right to the exercise of power.
18914- Their political duel was aggravated recently when the President, wary that her prime ministerial rival was "too soft" in dealing with the rebel Tamil Tigers, sacked three ministers and took over their portfolios.
18915- Those who could not lift their eyes from the horrors of the past made less progress.
18916- On the contrary, what is surprising is that President Clinton was so willing to swim against the tide generated by his own labor/protectionist base in 1993 and 1994 and establish NAFTA and the WTO.
18917- Does anyone really believe the French would have voted No had France's economic growth rates been double or triple their current levels?
18918- Today there is less anarchy and less oligarchy.
18919- Thousands of people are imprisoned for such "evil cult" activities.
18920- It may not remain so without a firm policy hand at the center.
18921- Their real triumph occurred in 1989, when Communism collapsed and the emerging new societies needed a language to express their goals.
18922- Plans call for dozens of dams to be placed along their serpentine courses through the mountains of Yunnan.
18923- Observers interpret al-Khatib's comments as a reference to the passage of vast amounts of luxury goods through Jordan into Iraq, one of the means by which Saddam has been able to reward his followers.
18924- The real test is a political system's ability to survive the inevitable cyclical downturns, political shocks or social upheavals that almost inevitably challenge a country, particularly developing ones.
18925- The EU Constitution Can Work
18926- At this moment, the President's men are seeking to strip me of my parliamentary immunity.
18927- With the collapse of the strategy's most basic premises, what should Israel do?
18928- Large majorities on both sides--perhaps two-thirds or even three-fourths of each population--would accept a return by Israel to something like its pre-1967 borders in exchange for real peace.
18929- But such debates can be fruitful only if they recognize the economic and political constraints under which modern states operate.
18930- Low-income people manifestly enjoy lotteries, and they will acquire the habit of looking forward to the lottery dates, which will deter them from cashing in their bonds.
18931- Since the combined income of rich countries is around $25 trillion per year, this would mobilize $25 billion per year which, when combined with the poor countries' own increased contributions, would dramatically improve the health conditions of the world's low-income countries.
18932- To conduct this struggle effectively, Russia must abandon two hoary stereotypes: that all terrorists are bandits, and that they somehow are acting under some Western intelligence supervision to weaken Russia.
18933- The IMF's distorted and unfair accounting frameworks may also serve a hidden purpose: to force governments to shrink expenditures.
18934- In addition, he enlisted former Presidents George Bush and Bill Clinton to lead a private fundraising effort.
18935- Indeed, the focus on zero can be misleading.
18936- The British Commonwealth recently posed this question to me and the Initiative for Policy Dialogue, an international network of economists committed to helping developing countries.
18937- I recognize that our Soviet "heritage" accounts for much of the hardship Ukraine faced in seeking its European vocation.
18938- At first glance, this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission.
18939- There is a strong and perhaps growing desire to find ``independent'' views amidst today's always strongly partisan--and often overly polemical--political controversies.
18940- Democracy has undoubtedly achieved success around the world.
18941- In Albania, instead of developing and strengthening our infant democratic institutions, the OSCE, in its desire to see its policies implemented, often seeks to bypass or override them.
18942- For most of the 20
18943- Under the AIPPA, reporters are required to file their home addresses with the government; presumably this is what the word "privacy" in the law's title means.
18944- Equipment and personnel needed to address the crisis were halfway around the world in Iraq.
18945- Finally, institutional reform encompasses more than creating markets and guaranteeing property rights. It also includes creating the regulatory and institutional framework that markets require to function well, providing necessary public goods and guaranteeing the fairness of rules.
18946- If the criterion of effectiveness is the ability to achieve all of a society's goals, we will probably never find such a thing.
18947- The False Promise of Financial Liberalization
18948- This shows that the SARS virus has jumped species, from animals to man, on other occasions, with benign consequences.
18949- The formal decision to create a tribunal for the Khmer Rouge represents a major achievement after a decade of diplomatic effort.
18950- The political, security, and economic circumstances of the Palestinians require a government focused on solving problems, not ideological purity.
18951- The net contributors to the EU budget were the ones who stood to lose the most.
18952- Regardless of its prospects, CAFTA is far from a done deal, and it at least opens the way for more discussion and debate.
18953- Therefore, those wanting to stop the slide into an unnecessary and risky war must make their own argument about credibility.
18954- It's political theater - big headlines, small results.
18955- Venezuela's Chávez is another story.
18956- Problems remain, however, in making newly established peer-review systems work well.
18957- The reception and adoption of democracy is not a function of sectarian belonging, but a reflection of the multi-dimensional historical, cultural, religious, and political identities of Iraqi individuals.
18958- Against great odds--and the wording of Guatemala's Constitution--the former brigadier general and dictator has qualified for the ballot in Guatemala's presidential election, set for November 9.
18959- Moreover, labor-market policies do not fall under the EU mandate, so national governments will be on their own, without the Brussels bureaucrats to blame.
18960- Remember the East Asia crisis? when the US Treasury and its IMF allies blamed that region's problems on crony capitalism, lack of transparency, and poor corporate governance?
18961- In response, Premier Wen Jiabao announced a series of measures during the NPC, ranging from phasing out agricultural taxes over the next five years to measures aimed at increasing farmers' income.
18962- Enlightenment on Trial
18963- Today's post-war generations, lacking direct memory of WWII, view Europe's great achievements - liberty, peace, and prosperity - as a given.
18964- Growing demand for raw materials, owing to sharply increased industrial growth in Asia, particularly China and India, has benefited the terms of trade of many Latin American countries, and this is not expected to end anytime soon.
18965- Indeed, the policies now being offered seem hostile to the ideals of our Orange Revolution.
18966- Regardless of how much money is spent, it never can fund comprehensive reform of any country's education and training system.
18967- NOT TO BE PUBLISHED BEFORE JANUARY 10
18968- In short, Blair is as opposed to the European project as all his predecessors.
18969- Pain emerges into awareness only after sensory, emotional, and cognitive processes have combined to form a coherent, integrated pattern of experience.
18970- He was surprised to learn that the number of OSCE employees in Albania is equal to that of the entire staff of the OSCE's Vienna headquarters.
18971- For a decade, Britain stood almost alone against expanding the Social Chapter.
18972- This was the trigger for Saturday's breakdown: Spain and Poland refused to surrender the voting privileges they received at Nice.
18973- Indeed, in the US, more people of color and women hold top jobs in the public and private sector than anywhere else in the world.
18974- However, with Sheikh Jaber al-Sabah's death, the succession was not only subjected to feverish public debate, but the Kuwaiti press and Parliament were key actors in determining the outcome.
18975- But the central government will need a large share of that income if it is to finance the construction of new institutions of governance, invest in critical infrastructure, undertake onerous reforms aimed at economic liberalization, and provide the resource-poor (and already restive) Sunnis of central Iraq with a greater share of the country's wealth.
18976- That conclusion still applies.
18977- The IMF and the US Treasury worried that any change would restart inflation, because there was little or no excess productive capacity.
18978- In the old days, when communist central planning suffocated China's economy, fixed-asset investment was the regime's measure of economic progress.
18979- Yet, because they were all questions about the future, they would inevitably be based entirely on speculation.
18980- If Putinism means that, perhaps Russia is moving forward after all.
18981- By whose authority and with what accountability?
18982- The impoverishment of great masses of the population has destroyed the structures of civil society, giving rise to a "civilization of slums."
18983- Is it all dictated by advertisers and salesmen who are inventing needs?
18984- For me, Europe's integration of Muslim Turkey into its political union is the same sort of question of peace that Schumann and Monnet successfully confronted.
18985- A state-led developmental model in Bolivia is doomed to fail, because it requires strong institutions, universal citizenship, and the rule of law.
18986- But the accord had a major flaw: the absence of a cease-fire.
18987- Similarly, standardized tools produced by both Neanderthals and Moderns appeared 80,000 years ago.
18988- The face of General Electric's longtime boss Jack Welch is in bookstore windows across China, although his latest book is probably a pirated edition because China still has a way to go on copyright protection.
18989- Every government has an independent duty to comply with the Geneva Conventions.
18990- Under the 1895 peace settlement of Shimonoseki, the full independence of Korea was guaranteed and Japan gained Formosa, the Pescadores, and Manchuria's strategically important Liaoting Peninsula, with Port Arthur (Lushun) lying just to the south.
18991- Sense and Nonsense about Disproportionate Force
18992- Suddenly, all at once, these irritations melted away.
18993- But this was merely rhetoric.
18994- Americans have once again finished a presidential campaign season in which the quality of the debate over economic policy was abysmal.
18995- Twenty years ago, a grass-roots movement led by Rotary International, a voluntary organization with around 1.2 million members in more than 200 countries, decided to attack.
18996- But disgust can readily extend to people.
18997- Recourse to violence and terror is a moral and strategic choice.
18998- In both periods, fiscal laxity stoked volatility in the foreign exchange markets, where the surge in inflation in the 1960s destroyed the fixed exchange rate system of Bretton Woods.
18999- Indeed, a party of the young might well have better prospects than the "Greys."
19000- Of course, we now recognize more clearly than ever that history has always been written by the victors, which gave rise in recent decades to frequent demands that the history of the victims and the defeated be written, at least next to that of the victors.
19001- Initially, it looked like Obasanjo would weather the storm and serve out his last term without making concessions to his opponents.
19002- p Projected Source: OECD Economic Outlook 76 database.
19003- Because of an inadequate number of polling stations, I believe that in Harare and Chitungwiza alone more than 360,000 people stood in a queue to vote but never gained the opportunity to cast their ballot.
19004- Habré, once backed by the United States and France as a bulwark against Libya's Moammar Quadafi, allegedly killed tens of thousands of real and suspected opponents before he was deposed by his former army chief.
19005- So here is the second paradox: both large and small EU countries imagine that they can optimize their relative leverage by adopting inter-governmentalist positions.
19006- Credit is often given simply because someone has produced a creditable work.
19007- Loans for education and car purchases are now also possible, and 2% of households have credit cards, which is obviously still low compared to 75% in the United States, but there were no such households just five years ago.
19008- The solution must be to use firmness backed, if necessary, by military strength, to enable Karzai to face down Marshall Fahim.
19009- The famines in Ethiopia and the violence in Darfur suggest what can lie ahead.
19010- It also means providing more resources to developing countries for environmental conservation.
19011- China's leaders need to make several concrete moves in order to move beyond rhetoric.
19012- Notwithstanding this, most Canadians and Mexicans believe that cooperation in North America will proceed regardless of who is in office in Ottawa, Washington, or Mexico City.
19013- Another asset price bubble is out of the question; the last one left most of the domestic financial system virtually insolvent.
19014- Many challenges face both China and the EU.
19015- They often think this phrase highlights the central role of universities in society.
19016- Yet questions remain.
19017- Mexican foreign policy must not be driven by the resentments of the past but by the pursuit of concrete interests in the future.
19018- That is, it increases the income of both the poor and the rich who trade - more so the rich, of course, yet the poor gain too.
19019- More and more, exile is an emblem of our time.
19020- So America and Europe must help him reach this conclusion.
19021- We need, therefore, to revisit today's global challenges from a Third-World perspective.
19022- But the Maastricht Treaty's Stability and Growth Pact limits fiscal deficits to 3% of GDP - a ceiling that Germany is already hitting.
19023- Anti-Americanism and Europe's Identity
19024- The decline in cross-border flows intensified after the September 11 attacks last year.
19025- The status of Jerusalem is still an unresolved question on both the local and international scenes.
19026- Because markets are always efficient, there is no need for government intervention.
19027- Afghans are fed up with arrogant and well-armed tycoons who live in mansions and drive top-of-the range Mercedes limousines -- this in a country where barely 13% of the population have electricity and most people must survive on less than $200 a year.
19028- In this scenario, bond prices in post-industrial countries are heading for a serious fall - as are real estate prices in California, New York, and London.
19029- It is, of course, in times of economic downturn that countries worry most about their credit rating, so the IMF stance is particularly unhelpful.
19030- An increasing number of Latin American countries have elected left-wing presidents who criticize market reforms and globalization.
19031- Only one power can rob the US of its unique position: America itself.
19032- On the contrary, the "double terror" induced by terrorism and counter-terrorism distracts public attention from those problems that, as some of us still remember, produced terrorism.
19033- The fact that Pope Benedict and Cardinal Casper are both Germans is important, because Russian-German relations are perhaps warmer now than they have ever been.
19034- The answer to the question, "Where do we go if we have to leave?" is not usually China or some African country, nor is it any longer much of Latin America.
19035- Of the 30 Latin American countries included in this year's report, only one-third have lower HDI rankings than GDP rankings, and only a few -- those with the region's greatest need for significant improvements in social infrastructure, particularly provision of health and education -- show large discrepancies.
19036- When Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans, those who died were the poor in low-lying areas who lacked cars to escape.
19037- What has changed under New Labour's rule is the British constitution.
19038- Argentina's other threat, not to repay the IMF, challenged the old system just as profoundly and seemed for some to be a justified response to years of bad policy advice from the IMF and the G-7 countries.
19039- This is a politically understandable but flawed policy.
19040- To be smart today, Europe should invest more in its hard-power resources, and America should pay more attention to its soft power.
19041- The key word here is mostly .
19042- Scientists worldwide agree that GM is merely a refinement, or improvement, over less precise and predictable genetic techniques that have been used for centuries, but this exquisite new means to develop plants with higher yields and innovative traits will be blocked by the disincentive of unnecessary regulations.
19043- Democracy is alive and well in the developing world, too.
19044- We will all need to pay a "market price" when we contribute to global climate change, so that we give true economic incentives to sustainable energy systems and new public investments -- for example, mass transit -- that reduce greenhouse gas emissions and thereby head off future climatic disasters.
19045- So consumer confidence must be of paramount concern.
19046- Such states call into question our traditional attitude towards national sovereignty.
19047- The head of the Kremlin-appointed Chechen administration, Akhmad Kadyrov, is already discussing this with the president of the federal election commission.
19048- Instead of engaging in bitterness and spy mania, it is time for Russia to find its "place under the capitalist sun."
19049- No land-for-peace deal will satisfy either side.
19050- If we sought to preserve the UN Security Council and the position of the present permanent members, then those actions were more likely to produce the opposite effect.
19051- But, as the UN declaration -- and the long debate surrounding its adoption -- illustrate, scientific arguments are not at the center of national and international debates, which revolve around questions concerning the beginning of "human life."
19052- In 2004, the surplus will shrink to about 1.5% - before the tax cuts that Berlusconi promised for next year.
19053- In Russia, only two Gulag sites, in Solovki and in Perm, have small museums that show conditions in the camps, the techniques of torture and murder, the documents, and the portraits.
19054- Saddam Hussein heads a state, not a shadowy terrorist outfit.
19055- For example, the current Christian leadership is a political ally of Hezbollah, even though the former opposed and the latter favored Syria's continuing occupation of Lebanon.
19056- Instead, the current installment of Latin American socialism is all too likely to produce a re-run of tragic episodes from the past.
19057- Its leaders must understand that, even though "independence" may sometimes seem like a logical scenario, Taiwan is a small, vulnerable island, and China an emerging superpower.
19058- Is there any point in having an inflation target that cannot be met?
19059- Unless all Europeans remain devoted to integration and the creation of an open Europe, the Continent's dark past may once again become its future.
19060- It is still not clear what led Greenspan to support the tax cut.
19061- The United Nations Security Council has authorized the International Security Assistance Force to take all necessary measures to fulfill its mandate.
19062- What is sparking so much unrest in a country usually depicted as daily growing more affluent? Generally the causes are these: unpaid wages and pensions; sudden and massive job terminations; and management corruption held responsible for the bankruptcy of industrial enterprises--where discharged workers were secure, enjoying privileges and benefits, since the 1950s.
19063- China's leaders are gathered for their annual retreat at the seaside resort of Beidaihe.
19064- If Social Security is a slow tire leak, then the post-2020 General Fund is an urgent brake job, Medicare and Medicaid are a melted transmission, and the budget deficit is the equivalent of having just crashed into a tree.
19065- But should the value of the dollar suddenly collapse, the US will follow a different course.
19066- The participatory process, so critical in any constitution making, was hijacked.
19067- Both governments seem convinced that more Franco-German summitry (now including joint sessions of their cabinets) will remedy their marital crisis.
19068- Others spoke out as well, and the futures markets quickly predicted another 25-basis-point rate hike in March.
19069- Full anonymity explains why efficiency rules -- say, leaving the most "expensive" patients untreated when resources are scarce -- meet with no protest.
19070- Education is a field where short-term results are difficult to achieve and the sheer size of even the smallest individual country's education system makes effective external support daunting.
19071- When a "directive" is issued, you don't know who is responsible; instead, they are known as, say, "Directive 17.62" (meaning that it is directive no. 17 issued in 1962).
19072- Similarly, attacks against the West in mosques, however vicious, should not be banned, in contrast to open encouragement to join suicide death squads.
19073- Yet the pogrom at the Sakharov museum provoked a chain reaction of similar attacks on contemporary art by Orthodox fundamentalists whom the church has been unable to control.
19074- Roh reportedly also discussed exporting defense materials worth $2.3 billion, including training aircraft, destroyers, and armed vehicles.
19075- The question may seem absurd on its face, given the huge differences between two western democracies and a Middle East theocracy.
19076- People everywhere want a new relationship with power -- more autonomy and more respect.
19077- Diversity is a better guarantee of openness than even merit, and openness is the real hallmark of a liberal order.
19078- Of course, one reason for that failure is that the South Vietnamese were not different enough from the North Vietnamese for the Malayan formula of identifying and isolating rebel communities by race to work.
19079- Who knows?
19080- Compared to previous anti-Jewish outbreaks, today's anti-Semitism is less an attack on individual Jews than an attack on the "collective Jew," the state of Israel.
19081- Already, the reform movement has changed the debate in the Arab world, but it still faces a long road ahead.
19082- The Ellwanger case arose because many believe that anti-racism laws can be effective in reassuring minorities of their safety and place in the community.
19083- In fact, debates about the use of religious terms lend credibility to fundamentalist efforts to apply these ideas to conditions in the modern world.
19084- With the Republican-controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent, the world is beginning to realize that America's budget deficits are now entrenched, with no end in sight.
19085- For now, US and Chinese interests coincide on the war on terrorism, on a peaceful resolution of the nuclear question on the Korean peninsula, and on stability in East Asia.
19086- Atiku's huge influence balances the perceived Christian-millenarian strain of Obasanjo's presidency.
19087- Their inherent spirit of goodwill, and the goodwill they can inspire from other financial professionals, holds out the hope of a brighter future to everyone, especially those who are most in need.
19088- To deny a country the freedom to choose its alliances on the basis of geography and history creates a security vacuum.
19089- Of course, this does not mean that there is no difference between the Russia of Vladimir Putin and Nicholas Romanov.
19090- Interpol says that Albanian gangs now control 70% of heroin trafficking in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Scandinavia.
19091- The best alternative to both is a voluntary movement toward democratic openness and political pluralism, enabling citizens across the Arab world to participate in making the future of their countries.
19092- The region will continue to have a long-term stake in a WTO that delivers freer trade worldwide, that is, multilaterally rather than bilaterally or regionally.
19093- In many trials, companies are paid per patient recruited, regardless if a patient remains in the trial or not.
19094- Rural populations are growing because poor farm households choose to have many children, who work as farmhands and serve as social security for their parents.
19095- Edmund Phelps of Columbia University says that these slow-growing countries lack "dynamism," which he defines as a combination of entrepreneurial spirit and the financial institutions to channel it.
19096- In short, the UN has been a highly adaptable institution, one that has evolved in response to changing times.
19097- This was the cause of America's recession in the early 1990's.
19098- These NGOs, who flourished during the fight against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan, had seen their funding dry up after Russia's withdrawal, so funds for fighting poppy seemed a gift from heaven.
19099- Mahathir became prime minister in 1981 when the region was on the eve of historic change, following the end of the Vietnam War and Indonesia's stabilization following the bloody civil strife of the 1960's.
19100- The US and the EU have few fiscal and monetary levers left to combat weak performance.
19101- -2.7
19102- Those who voted for Bush may not be as outraged by American involvement in torture, or the misleading information about Iraq's weapons of mass destruction and connections with Al Qaeda, as those abroad.
19103- It will become impossible in an EU of 25-30, unless the scope for majority voting is enlarged, and the veto power of individual states reduced.
19104- Under the current constitution, local governments have the right to exploit (and profit directly from) oil extracted from new sites beneath their territory, while only a share of the income from existing sites must go to Iraq's central government.
19105- The right focuses on efficiency. The left emphasizes redistribution.
19106- -0.9
19107- By contrast, it is difficult to quantify how good clinical scientists are.
19108- In Togo, President Gnassingbe Eyadema has been in power for 38 years and, just last December, amended the constitution to allow him to seek further re-election.
19109- First, however, was the chaos.
19110- According to the underlying science that Bush ignores, hurricanes take their energy from the warmth of seawater.
19111- If compensation were coupled with a finding of high-level American wrongdoing, we would get closer to an act of atonement.
19112- The election will take place this December, which coincides with scheduled elections for the Duma.
19113- The separatists' silence as the referendum took place was something of a surprise, despite the fact that the vote was a moment of truth for them as much as for Putin's government.
19114- In political conditions such as those that now prevail in Brazil, markets are right to take into account the possibility of a debt reorganization or even of a default.
19115- So there is great tension everywhere between how the public, and how doctors regard a possible contract in the field of assisted dying.
19116- What accounts for this divergence?
19117- The British, who did not depose the Malay rulers as they did the Singhalese king in Kandy, made sure that the native position of the Malays was constitutionally secure from the start.
19118- Accordingly, references to the need for pushing ahead with reforms have disappeared from his speeches.
19119- When Paul Wolfowitz, the US Deputy Secretary of Defense, announced this, it represented a reversal of America's earlier position, which favored confining the peacekeeping forces to Kabul lest they get in the way of US operations against Al Qaeda and Taliban diehards.
19120- Whoever wins the election almost certainly will continue to make further investments in education.
19121- Urban land prices in major Japanese cities have steadily dropped over much of the period since 1991, as the enormous faith in the miraculous powers of Japanese capitalism gradually faded.
19122- The revolutions of 1989 and 1991 in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union blanketed a huge region within months.
19123- The Clinton administration took office with remarkably few cards, and the cards it held were dreadful: a long-term legacy of extremely slow economic growth, huge federal budget deficits created by the Ronald Reagan/George H. W. Bush administrations of 1980-1992, a relatively high "natural" rate of unemployment, and growing inflationary pressure.
19124- retail prices.
19125- However, unlike President Alan Garcia of Peru, who Chávez may be trying to bully, Chávez has been forced to recognize Uribe's enormous popularity.
19126- A second factor should also make owners want to stay close to the firm if labor is politically strong.
19127- Europeans certainly need something to compensate for a short working life with many vacations.
19128- The real trouble begins when one thinks that the hammer might be the right solution for headaches, too.
19129- Can Hamas Stay in Power?
19130- Some economists point out that high tax rates in Europe make work less rewarding -- and thus leisure more attractive.
19131- According to Mr. Duisenberg, there was not a single instance when an important monetary policy decision was delayed because of the need for consensus.
19132- Assad cannot turn his back on all of this.
19133- Many more are hospitalized with severe illness.
19134- Even political and religious leaders hostile to change and industrialization are not uncommon.
19135- Not one incident of Greek Cypriot terrorism or violence against Turkish occupation has occurred in more than a quarter of a century.
19136- The prospect of being accepted into the EU provided the nations of Eastern and Central Europe with a strong incentive to achieve fiscal balance - a process somewhat similar to what happened in Western Europe at the time the euro was launched.
19137- Today's children will not view their own life stories from the perspective of the difficulties China has experienced.
19138- Unfortunately, given Bush's repeated assertions -- in defiance of America's constitutional tradition of checks and balances -- that his office endows him with unilateral powers to violate rights, he appears to be untroubled by that prospect.
19139- The expected one-year increase in the Dow in 2005 averages 4.8% for institutional investors and 4.3% for individual investors.
19140- The possibility of such change lies, in turn, in the nature of Russia's identity, or its self-understanding.
19141- Europe's security services are working closely together within the Counter-Terrorist Group, and Europol's Counter-Terrorist Task Force has been re-established.
19142- Instead of moving toward modernization and development, the region would be confirmed as a cockpit for conflict, a threat to itself and to the world beyond.
19143- Senior Hamas officials are well aware of the challenge, and have promised a complete overhaul of Palestinian public services and administration.
19144- For many years, Mexico avoided service on the Security Council, thinking that a seat there would entail many costs and few benefits.
19145- In addition, they may have to provide additional resources.
19146- In principle, workers can seek remedies by joining a union and bargaining collectively.
19147- How the Middle East develops will determine the extent of the risks for, or even probable challenges to, Europe's security.
19148- The explanation is not capital spending, which is normally linked to productivity growth.
19149- But its fundamental position is that treaties such as the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights are not self-executing.
19150- Beijing's seeming silence over the nuclear ambitions of North Korea has left US, Japanese, and South Korean officials alike wondering when it will "stand up" to assert its influence over its neighbor and erstwhile ally.
19151- He carried this policy through a skeptical Congress, even at the price of abandoning many of the social welfare promises he made during his 1992 presidential campaign.
19152- Those expectations were not modest.
19153- In demonstrations the following day, 36 more people were killed.
19154- They are desperate to enter the global community and rid themselves of a damaged international reputation.
19155- Consider the stringent institutional conditions required to implement a currency board successfully.
19156- But, while other politicians do not regard these matters as politically important, they mean a lot to most ordinary citizens.
19157- So says the columnist Thomas Friedman, who chose that provocative title for his bestselling book to awaken people to the dramatic effects that technology is having on the world economy.
19158- Then came a backlash, fuelled in large part by the Enron debacle and other corporate scandals.
19159- The answer seems to revolve around the central place that European civilisation has given the human person since mixing barbarian customs with Christianity.
19160- So, for the moment, the election is too far off to know or predict anything with certainty.
19161- Reforming Economic Reform
19162- But in other ways Russia has been unhelpful -- using energy resources as a political weapon, for example, and in their resistance to positive political changes in neighboring countries.
19163- Global warming is real and is caused by emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2).
19164- On the contrary, the EU regards international cooperation as fundamental in the fight against terrorism.
19165- Moreover, distance is far from dead.
19166- 
19167- In 1951, French Prime Minister Rene Pléven proposed establishing a European Defense Community (EDC) alongside the ECSC.
19168- The rich world should offer impoverished regions like sub-Saharan Africa more economic support to break out of poverty.
19169- Responses to the challenge of global pluralism will take different forms in different parts of the Orthodox world. There may be efforts to re-establish something like the traditional sinfonia , as in Russia; embrace of "Eurosecularity," as in Greece, Cyprus, and other countries entering the EU's orbit (Romania and Bulgaria sooner, Armenia and Georgia later); or moves toward voluntary association, as in the US.
19170- For example, they call for reducing by 2015 the proportion of the world's population that was chronically under-nourished in 1990, and for cutting the child mortality rate by three quarters.
19171- Hamilton went on to make the case for the independence of judges in order to strengthen their position, and this case remains unassailable.
19172- Consequently, academics are losing control of their performance standards to "knowledge managers."
19173- Ideally, Lebanon's army and government would enter the area and run it as part of their country.
19174- Russia's leaders are entitled to the world's understanding as they struggle to overcome generations of Soviet misrule. But they are not entitled to the sphere of influence that Russian tsars and commissars coveted for 300 years.
19175- Ortega would manage only a third-place finish. Alemán, or his candidate, would run dead last.
19176- Nevertheless, the "fencing-in" of the rich world continues apace.
19177- In order to thrive, and to foster the private-sector investment needed for long-term growth, an economy requires functioning health and education systems, investments in soil nutrients and water management, and basic infrastructure such as electricity and motorized transport.
19178- Virtually all the difference between the US on one side and France and Germany on the other are due to the first two factors, each with roughly equal weight.
19179- But, in addition to avoiding destructive changes, the proposal suggests a way forward for the Convention.
19180- What John Connolly's bluntness reflected was America's ability--and willingness--to export its economic problems by driving down the dollar's value while scapegoating countries opposed to that strategy.
19181- Wisely, Yushchenko launched the slogan "East and West together!" emphasizing his endeavor to unite the country.
19182- But only Panama and three Pacific island states with populations under 120,000 have officially dollarized their economies.
19183- Africa's AIDS pandemic is well known; its malaria pandemic, which will claim three million lives and a billion illnesses this year, is not.
19184- As soon as people cannot move, there will be little to stop governments from limiting the free movement of goods or other factors of production.
19185- By purchasing the settlers' homes, they could then hand them over to Palestinian refugees settling in the future state of Palestine.
19186- As in many parts of the world with hot climates, apartment and office buildings in Lebanon use asbestos for heat insulation.
19187- For example, Americans must buy cars because public transport is so lousy. The value of the cars is calculated in American GDP, but European public-transport systems are counted not at their value to passengers but as a cost to government.
19188- As Sandel points out, perhaps we could design a world in which we all have access to mood-brightening drugs and cosmetic surgery; in which athletes have access to safe, performance-enhancing drugs; in which we could safely choose and manipulate the genetic traits of our children; and in which we eat factory-farmed pigs and chickens that are genetically engineered not to feel pain.
19189- Can a more balanced globalization be achieved?
19190- As a reward, he was later made a minister in the Communist government.
19191- As a result, Merkel's reforms have increased the angst of euro-zone central bankers that the "window of opportunity" for future rate hikes might be closing.
19192- In Robert Gordon's estimation-and in mine-the roots of an economy-wide high-tech productivity boom like the one seen in the US are so delicate that they flourish in American but not in continental European soil.
19193- Indigenous groups constitute 62% of Bolivia's population, and those with mixed blood another 30%, but for 500 years Bolivians had been ruled by colonial powers and their descendants.
19194- The sterling balances proved to be the starting point of vast and inefficient state planning regimes that did long-term harm to growth prospects in all the countries that took this course.
19195- Some multilateral initiatives also are recipes for inaction, or are contrary to American values.
19196- By doing so, the true risks of investing in emerging markets were revealed.
19197- Together with Edmund Phelps -- this year's Nobel Prize laureate -- he proved that there is no stable tradeoff between unemployment and inflation.
19198- Many countries - including the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Poland - run large budget deficits and need to implement medium-term reforms to make their pension systems sustainable and to overhaul overly generous social security systems.
19199- There is a fundamental difference between the EU's Eastern and Southern flanks.
19200- That is the task of the Intergovernmental Conference, which started its work on October 4th.
19201- These religious parties, a coalition of which now heads the provincial government in the North West Frontier Province, were politically marginalized until given a central role by Pakistan's military dictator of the 1980's, General Zia ul Haq, who led Pakistan's covert intervention in the war against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
19202- Egypt's once preeminent leadership role in the Arab world has eroded as influence shifted to Qatar, the UAE, even Syria--and now potentially to a democratic Iraq.
19203- In the meantime, Latin America's economies will continue to benefit from the world boom in commodity markets, elections will remain normal, and life will go on in the political middle of the road.
19204- There is a certain senior (male) faculty member who is one of the kindest and most accomplished investigators at my institution.
19205- Escaping George Bush's Future
19206- It would be more productive for the US to join in, at the same time agreeing with Europeans on measures to be taken should their combined efforts fail.
19207- Government loans were offered for housing construction.
19208- Our atheist modern age understands the contrast between life and death as absolute.
19209- Each of these tasks is formidable.
19210- The answer lies in the definition of a recession.
19211- Yet it would be dangerous to redress past imbalances solely at the expense of traditional beneficiaries, especially because they remain powerful enough to derail the peace process.
19212- Slower growth in the new member states could also delay the planned introduction of the Euro, which in turn could deter many Western companies from investing in the region.
19213- Of course, if a developing country's private sector is taking off, foreign aid might be considered unnecessary.
19214- Although Japan is now the world's largest creditor nation and the US its largest debtor, its foreign-trade and capital flows are still largely denominated in dollars. Unlike past creditor nations - Great Britain in the 19th century and the US for most of the 20th - Japanese investors have borne the exchange-rate risk involved in foreign lending.
19215- More than 900 ship-launched cruise missiles - triple the number in 1991 - will double the impact of the initial air strikes.
19216- For most of the past decade the world has been lectured to by Americans who proclaimed the perfection of the US economy: its focus on competition, loose labor regulation, and a modest social safety net, all of which supposedly delivered dynamism and high growth rates.
19217- The Arab side is left with tremendous losses in casualties and material, as is once again happening with Lebanon and the Palestinians.
19218- First, and consistent with UN Security Council Resolution 1564, countries should provide the African Union with the logistical, material, and financial help it has asked for.
19219- -2.7
19220- They would obtain timely warning of the existence of an H5N1 strain that is transmissible from human to human, but would focus the vast majority of their funding on parallel, low- and high-tech approaches -- vaccines, drugs, and other public health measures -- that would primarily benefit themselves.
19221- A purely bilateral settlement of the dispute may no longer be in the cards for India and Pakistan.
19222- Armed convoys transport raw opium around the country unhindered. Sometimes even army and police vehicles are involved.
19223- There is no consensus as to precisely how mental life emerges from a physical brain, but there is no doubt that this is its source.
19224- Nor do I believe that Russia is so inherently autocratic that democracy must invariably fail.
19225- It was a central fact of the Vietnam War, brought about the destruction of Lebanon, and continues to plague the coalition in Iraq. It is also key to the present war on terror in Southeast Asia.
19226- As a result, the decision will have a lasting impact on America's constitutional structure.
19227- Today, Russians listen to old Soviet songs and watch Soviet-era movies.
19228- Early hints at the reaction could be heard in the American presidential election campaign, with the frequent protests against outsourcing and China's pegged exchange rate.
19229- The deficit was relatively mild until 1999, when the economy went into recession.
19230- What will be the consequences of this "survival of the weakest," of this political reverse Darwinism?
19231- African "key punchers" earn $4 to $5 a day - four times the legal minimum wage - and receive health insurance, meals, and subsidized transport.
19232- In a world divided -- between rich countries and the poor, between those focusing on environmental protection and those concentrating on growth -- this initiative can unite us all.
19233- Both leaders were outraged about a murderous dictator and hoped that toppling him would open the door for democracy in Iraq.
19234- Masses of Chinese were sent to work camps, where prisoners endured harsh physical labor to "reform" their "bourgeois" habits and thoughts.
19235- The Other Palestinian Revolution
19236- Moreover, the channels leading to higher social and political participation have multiplied.
19237- Unlike the FARC, the ELN has engaged in the peace process and may soon follow the AUC back into legitimate civilian life.
19238- It is said that the best way to seduce a woman is to make her laugh. Perhaps the same is true with societies.
19239- It is morally and practically vital that they succeed.
19240- Take pension reform, which aims to reduce the scope of state-run, pay-as-you-go systems and expand private, fully funded schemes.
19241- As with deposit insurance, repurchase agreements solve the coordination failure problem because depositors know that, even if they wait, the bank will be able to accommodate their withdrawals.
19242- As the editor and political journalist Konrad Adam put it, "Skepticism is a feeling, not a program."
19243- Instead of defaulting, countries arranged rescue packages with the IMF.
19244- The ‘Made in Germany' scare of the late 19th century foreshadowed the reaction in the United States to Japan's industrial success in the 1960's and 1970's.
19245- Diagnosis as Public Policy
19246- The Bush administration now seems to realize this.
19247- Similarly, the social mobility once fostered by the welfare state has suffered serious reverses.
19248- Or do they in fact want a free-trade Europe politically subservient to the United States?
19249- 1.5
19250- Decades ago, Bucharest held many tiny houses, with courtyards and small gardens.
19251- Another problem with the emphasis on aid (in addition to the near impossibility of accurately measuring the scale of the flows from all sources) is that the political effort to increase it absorbs attention that would be better spent on a more powerful instrument of economic development: trade.
19252- Can anyone imagine such a prosecution occurring in the EU?
19253- The work done during 2003 brought eurozone enlargement much closer.
19254- They may also suggest a slight tendency, on the part of those uttering them, to believe in some kind of supernatural endorsement.
19255- The new neighbors are middle-income countries with reasonably good infrastructure and large, striving urban centers such as Moscow, Belgrade, and Kyiv.
19256- The Security Council is practically invisible.
19257- War in these countries is a direct threat to Europe's interests and stability, so European governments have a direct interest in promoting peace.
19258- Iran is in no better position than the US to convince them to resolve their differences.
19259- After years of debate in the United States, and opposition to action by the Bush administration, America is finally waking up to the reality of global climate change.
19260- Why, Mexicans ask, should their country's growth have been so disappointing-and this just as they were establishing free-market institutions, privatizing assets, and developing a more robust democracy?
19261- The Nobel laureate economist William Vickrey argued tirelessly in favor of privately financed toll roads.
19262- Moreover, he would not even be able to veto hostile legislation, because he would be the first president in Mexico's modern history not to have the one-third of seats in at least one chamber of the legislature necessary to sustain a presidential veto.
19263- Whatever happened to the European Union's Lisbon Strategy?
19264- Slouching Towards Europe
19265- Massive yen appreciation led to a Japanese recession in 1985-86, and the BOJ lowered interest rates to near zero.
19266- 
19267- Then there is the energy issue.
19268- we should press these leaders to invest more public money in basic environmental research and in the development of new technologies to address environmental risks.
19269- A reviving Germany built modern factories, whereas the occupiers were saddled with old ones.
19270- The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely -- or even "just as long as necessary and not one day more," in the clichéd language of Donald Rumsfeld -- is implausible.
19271- Reformers also have the Obasanjo government's neo-liberal economic policies, which they describe as "punitive and intellectually bankrupt," in their sights.
19272- Implementing our program of social justice and economic growth will allow wages to be doubled in the course of a year by bringing them into line with labor's contribution to the national income, expanding workers' rights to stand up for their interests, and increasing the minimum wage by three times.
19273- The left had maintained that Arafat would make a deal and honor it; the right claimed that Arafat would make a deal and violate it.
19274- In an already fragile region, a major Arab country like Iraq would most likely prompt interventions by its nervous neighbors - of which there is no shortage - if it turns into a failed state.
19275- Gas provides nearly a quarter of Europe's energy, compared to 14% for nuclear power.
19276- The invocation of NATO's collective self-defense obligation on September 12 Enhancing Military Capabilities: Military capability is the crucial underpinning of our safety and security.
19277- Indeed, Mr. Schröder committed himself strongly to trade union demands during his campaign.
19278- Japan poses the clearest example of this problem.
19279- But it is a mistake to dismiss America's declining attractiveness so lightly.
19280- But this will take time and patience - and it will need to be accompanied by policy changes on Iraq, Palestine-Israel, and the regional economy.
19281- But Europe is not alone in its estrangement from the United States under President George W. Bush's leadership.
19282- And, true, no Japanese prime minister has yet fallen to his knees in Nanjing the way Chancellor Willy Brandt did on the site of the Warsaw Ghetto, where he apologized for the crimes of Germany by saying, "No people can escape from their history."
19283- Psychologically, this virtue implies the ability to put oneself in others' position.
19284- The importance of vacation time should come as no surprise to anyone who has experienced Europe's deserted cities in August, the three-week vacation "bridges" in April and May in France and Italy, the "rush hours" that take place every Friday at 2 PM in German cities, and crowded ski slopes in February due to winter school vacations.
19285- Much the same may be true about Iraq during the 1990's.
19286- Particularly significant were increases from 24% to 63% during this period among Sunnis and from 41% to 65% among Kurds.
19287- Obviously, huge price differences exist- if people in Finland were to do their shopping in Spain, they would increase their purchasing power by 50%!
19288- They should attempt to produce an immediate cessation of violence from both sides while simultaneously focusing on a permanent settlement of our conflict.
19289- 4.4
19290- The combined effect of many different financial innovations will be to blunt the impact of capitalist risk on our individual lives, helping to reduce economic uncertainty and inequality.
19291- The probability of catastrophes, whether intentional or not, resulting from human activity appears to be increasing because of the rapidity and direction of technological advances.
19292- President George Bush recently echoed the World War II leaders by declaring that "We will also defeat terrorists by building an enduring prosperity that promises more opportunity and better lives for all the world's people."
19293- Debates and protests about globalization have been muted since last September's terrorist attacks. But that silence does not mean that they are over.
19294- But effective follow-up is essential.
19295- Pensions are linked to final wages rather than to the actual contribution made by the worker over his or her lifetime.
19296- The third political force is the bloc which I lead.
19297- The European Union summit that just ended in Copenhagen has more or less settled the EU's future frontiers.
19298- 1.6
19299- Still the case for a system that encourages change and opposition rather than stagnation and consensus is strong.
19300- A well-educated citizenry is also essential if young men and women are to acquire the skills needed to perform the sort of jobs today's global and competitive world demands.
19301- Individuals respond to the incentives created by the variety of early-retirement and retirement programs.
19302- "Return to Europe" is no longer the battle cry of the new post-communist democracies.
19303- Only 400 reached the border; the rest were killed or captured.
19304- It presented an opportunity for the Fund to demonstrate that it was ready to move in a new direction, that it was prepared to interact with developing countries in new ways, that the years of the "Washington Consensus" would be put in the past.
19305- Let's go back to basics.
19306- He simply wants the oligarchs to stick to their sphere of activity and to leave politics to him.
19307- This makes about as much sense as it would to attack China in the 1950's.
19308- According to Santa Deverajan, the director of the World Bank's World Development Report 2004 , some studies showed that the program could have reduced poverty by as much as 64%.
19309- So the arrest of Politburo member and Shanghai Communist Party boss Chen Liangyu on corruption charges has sent shock waves across the country.
19310- Free the Regulators Corporate accounting scandals - indeed, the economic history of the last decade - demonstrate that global financial markets need politically independent regulatory agencies.
19311- By contrast, when you die from the absence of prevention policies, you may be dying sooner than you otherwise would, but you are not being left to die.
19312- The world gets what it pays for.
19313- By the same token, auditing firms that make more money from consulting than from providing auditing services have a conflict of interest: they have (at least in the short run) an incentive to go easy on their clients, or even, as consultants, to help their clients think of ways - "within the rules," of course -- that improve the appearance of profits.
19314- The succession of financial crises that stained the 1990s had many and varied causes, but dysfunctional regulatory arrangements usually aggravated the effects.
19315- The same is true of some prime ministers, like Thailand's authoritarian Thaksin Shinawatra, who now stands accused of weakening his country's democratic traditions in favor of personal rule.
19316- Indeed, Iran has likely benefited more than any other country from US-led regime changes in Afghanistan and Iraq, as both the Taliban and Saddam Hussein were the country's sworn enemies.
19317- What Americans have secured is merely a lasting stain on their reputation as decent and law-abiding people.
19318- Soft Power and the Struggle Against Terrorism
19319- Yet, from a French perspective, eastward enlargement of the EU augments Germany's weight.
19320- Capital markets can get the allocation of investment badly wrong, but governments are likely to get it wrong even worse, and the incentives to corrupt bureaucrats do need to be kept as low as possible.
19321- Likewise, the Mumbai-based NGO Pratham's Annual Status of Education Report 2005 , which was prepared after a survey in 28 states and union territories, reveals that 35% of children in the 7-14 age group are unable to read simple paragraphs, while 41% failed to solve a simple two-digit subtraction problem or a division problem.
19322- Welfare is relatively plentiful in the overwhelmingly white states of the North and Northwest (Oregon and Minnesota, to cite two examples) and in some states in New England (such as Vermont).
19323- Meanwhile, the actual conduct of intrastate war is growing more, not less, barbarous.
19324- Instead, the choices only become less clear, less democratic, and less efficient.
19325- Tin political ears deserve defeat.
19326- Accounting for only 15% of the world's population, they cause 50% of global carbon dioxide emissions - with all their implications for climate change.
19327- The third lesson follows from such considerations.
19328- So it is reasonable to assume that the proportion of the total smuggled volume that is discovered is smaller than for narcotic drugs.
19329- Despite the high rate of HIV/AIDS infections, Malawi's population, like that of many developing nations, is growing rapidly.
19330- European universities are generally based on three misguided principles:
19331- When Hitler came to power in January 1933, many if not most German democrats thought: "Let him!
19332- With the May accession of the ten central, eastern, and southern European candidate states, the European Union will be more politically, economically, and socially diverse than ever.
19333- Accounting rules are designed to provide standardized frameworks within which the financial position of a firm, or government, can be assessed.
19334- If the regime is to forge a survival strategy, it must now re-examine its foundations.
19335- This mattered less when these nations were separated by "buffer states" such as Poland, Slovakia and Hungary.
19336- As Bush's budget request to Congress puts it, "Rarely has the need for a sustained effort to ensure foreign understanding for our country and society been so clearly evident."
19337- But the political consequences for him were clear: the revanchist call for a return of refugees--in both the German and the Palestinian case--is a formula for instability, if not war.
19338- Concern is mounting in Congress, with suggestions of the need for re-nationalization.
19339- So Morales' election was historic, and the excitement in Bolivia is palpable.
19340- The policy, reminiscent of terrorist stratagems, of bombing civilians in order to force the hands of their leaders will only strengthen the radicals and boost their popular support.
19341- Europe grows less because it works less - and it should not be surprised if a number of so-called "developing countries" soon catch up with Europe in terms of income per capita.
19342- It is in America's interest that they do.
19343- Another takes the form of "opposition by media."
19344- Nevertheless, the station, whose owners have deep pockets, expanded to add a direct satellite broadcast, a children's station, two sports stations, and soon an international, English-language station.
19345- United Kingdom
19346- Our boldness is tinged by realism.
19347- But when Gazprom, the Russian state gas monopoly, followed Putin's instructions to turn off the spigot to Ukraine, Russia crossed a new threshold.
19348- For too long, these countries watched economic prosperity pass them by.
19349- Indeed, the case was reopened while Yushchenko was hospitalized - thus threatening to decapitate the opposition with barely a month to go before the presidential election on October 31.
19350- Those who realize this are thus tempted to deny any meaning to human conduct; everything, it seems, is futile in the end, because in dying we leave society and society leaves us.
19351- Combined with the Stability Pact -- another case of institutional rigidity that prevents effective use of fiscal policy -- Europe has unnecessarily slipped into a major slowdown, if not a recession.
19352- Emerging economies such as Argentina have conscientiously sought to embrace openness and globalization, despite the vagaries of international capital markets.
19353- There is a lesson to be drawn from these experiences.
19354- Some of these advances are theoretical, allowing us to build computer models of complex systems like continent-wide forests or entire oceans.
19355- The long bureaucratic struggle over whom to name as the next Governor of the Bank of Japan is over.
19356- Indeed, Mexico is slowly learning how to carry out a dual task: to defend its national interests and also be part of the international community, to support the US at times and oppose it at others.
19357- Unfortunately, the proposal fails to choose between the two alternatives for reform that it presents: election of the Commission president by the European Parliament or by an electoral college that also includes representatives from national parliaments.
19358- Most likely, all three of these methods will have to play a role.
19359- China's inability to compete with the US on a global basis does not mean that it could not challenge the US in East Asia, or that war over Taiwan is impossible.
19360- But in the upcoming elections, he is likely to be left out in the cold.
19361- I never believed that the "Third Way" politics that held such sway in recent years had quite the same significance or intellectual pedigree.
19362- The equivalent figure in developed markets is usually over 100% of GDP.
19363- This would be a major step forward in trying to create a fair trade regime that promotes development.
19364- A real debate on basic reform has to start with an explicit conception of economic performance - of what constitutes a good business life.
19365- In the end, Eastern Europe's pro-EU elites were left with only one means of stirring enthusiasm for EU membership: general pronouncements about how the EU delivered peace and stability to a notoriously war-prone continent, as well as the promises of economic prosperity.
19366- All of this excites little or no interest in the West.
19367- Russian macroeconomic performance has greatly improved since the 1998 financial crisis, and this success can be attributed in part to improved monetary policy.
19368- As no West European state wants welfare immigration, and because they are unable to discriminate between nationals and EU immigrants, they will begin to reduce their services.
19369- However, where differences cannot easily be blurred - those of religion, ethnic and cultural origin, colour - common citizenship has not achieved the unity of diversity so many have dreamed about.
19370- They have only recently been recognized as the cause of several infectious diseases, including mad cow disease and Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease, which kill by crowding out healthy brain cells.
19371- The people of Zimbabwe deserve a celebration for their courage and determination. We may yet get one.
19372- Only in this case, it is an oil price cycle.
19373- It may be helpful to look back, in particular, to Japanese actions at the time of the Boxer Rebellion (1900), as well as during World War I. Of course, there are huge differences between the situation then and what Japan faces now.
19374- Many factors contributed to the French and Dutch objections to the proposed EU Constitution.
19375- Thus, by whenever the Union should decide to lift its ban on weapons exports to China, the EU could help fuel an arms race in East Asia.
19376- In other words, they have to purchase virtual land from the city.
19377- But is acknowledging past guilt only a way to facilitate the integration of minorities?
19378- But there is increasing evidence that there is more to the story: depression also involves structural changes in areas of the brain that are involved in mood, memory, and decision-making.
19379- A minor player in the global economy in the 1980's, China today is the world's third largest trading power.
19380- For society to function, it must provide individuals with incentives not to do so, through rewards and punishments, regulations and fines.
19381- But they are also a true praetorian guard, like their Roman predecessors.
19382- For the sake of our children and our children's children, we must act now.
19383- Today, when the central fear in Western countries is of international instability and terrorism, the NATO allies are far less united in how to respond.
19384- In 1914, like today, globalization seemed inevitable.
19385- He doesn't seem to care about making money for himself.
19386- But because Britain remains lukewarm on European integration, the threesome can never serve as the motor for moving Europe forward.
19387- Argentina's economy opened up significantly in recent years, notwithstanding a strong exchange rate, which made exporting difficult.
19388- The notion that groups should have equal rights but remain separate was once the ultimate concession of traditionalists in the old segregated American South.
19389- On average, world oil prices have not fallen below the stipulated $12.50 baseline since 1986.
19390- It wasn't like another world or another planet; it was like another galaxy."
19391- But fighting terrorists requires an entirely different kind of spying from "uncovering" traditional "spies," or neutralizing unpopular oligarchs such as Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
19392- China blocked Taiwan's entry into the Word Health Organization even though the SARS epidemic inflicted heavy casualties on the island earlier this year.
19393- Proportional representation is widely viewed as one factor that promotes the implementation of redistributive policies by providing a political voice to minorities.
19394- The real issue is how much money rich-country governments will be giving poor-country governments, not vice versa.
19395- When Presidents Putin and Bush meet in Slovenia on June 16th, the ABM Treaty will top the agenda.
19396- In the Doha trade negotiations, industrialized nations accepted the need to liberalize their agricultural markets by reducing subsidies to domestic producers and tariff barriers on agricultural imports.
19397- But now Japan's political and economic influence in South East Asia is gradually declining, owing in part to its failure to exert influence over security and defense matters.
19398- In an age when self-determination is a hallowed principle how is it possible that Taiwan - which has been part of China during only four of the last eleven decades, and has never been under the control of the People's Republic of China - is shunned by every nation when it deigns to wonder aloud why it should not be allowed to go its own way?
19399- The Balkan wars of the 1990's ravaged not only millions of people, but also the social institutions that gave shape to their lives.
19400- But fate might also just as suddenly wash him away.
19401- Taken together, these factors ensure that the war on terror cannot be won.
19402- Local historians at Solovki believe that the atypical cupolas illustrated on the note date the picture to the end of the 1920's, the time of the camp's peak development.
19403- Whereas a referendum serves as an election gimmick, it is nonetheless a normal democratic tool almost everywhere, and the strategy would not have caused the stir that it has if the Taiwanese public did not seem to back it.
19404- With American influence at low ebb, the world is in danger of sliding into a vicious cycle of escalating violence.
19405- BMW's and Chinese Justice
19406- I can personally disprove this premise.
19407- It clearly does not turn parliament into a mirror image of the electorate.
19408- They will not let this election stand but neither will they succumb to Mugabe's provocative traps and resort to violence.
19409- The US will not solve its energy security problem until it gets better at fuel economy, possibly by a combination of technology, gasoline taxes, and regulations.
19410- So does the disturbing continuity between the absence of legality prior to the occupation and now, under the formal authority of the occupying powers.
19411- Before explaining one of the less known aspects of his teaching, it should be emphasized that one of the comments that is now being heard repeatedly is based either on stupidity or on a lack of understanding of what the Catholic Church is about: the charge that the Pope was and is "conservative" is nonsense.
19412- Depression thus leads to changes in the rest of the body, owing to long-term chemical imbalances in the systems that control the heart, the immune system, and metabolism.
19413- Patents and the Poor
19414- That has been the missing ingredient, not only in Iraq, but also in other countries ruled by despots.
19415- Reinfeldt became the first Conservative party leader in Swedish history to encourage arms exports to a Communist dictatorship.
19416- One, of course, concerns the supposed "clash of civilisations": how do we keep a focused and limited conflict between the UN and Iraq distinct from the need to maintain a relationship of dialogue between world religions?
19417- At the same time, Russia wants to cater to other markets, notably along its eastern frontier.
19418- A reluctance to prosecute war criminals is an asset that Balkan governments use in order to pacify their nationalist audience and, indeed, to avoid the thorny problems of a thoroughgoing reform.
19419- Pizzeria Venezia proclaimed a sign with a carving of a gondola.
19420- This is not a good time for political parties, especially those with traditional orientations.
19421- The 1997-98 global crises were merely the most recent manifestation of the financial crises that have plagued capitalism forever -- and capital and financial market liberalization combined with globalized capital markets have, if anything, created increased vulnerability, especially in small countries.
19422- Al Jazeera -- Arabic for "the island" -- represented a haven of professional, independent, current affairs programming in a sea of one-sided, government-controlled Arab media.
19423- But more generally, the pundits simply ran with the crowd.
19424- Africa's great hope is that its "new generation" leaders--most prominently President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria and President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa, who helped spearhead NEPAD's peer review process in the first place--acknowledge this fact.
19425- US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld provoked the world's ire through a mocking disdain for global public opinion.
19426- So, for millions of such children, the future holds little promise or hope.
19427- For example, it is difficult to find evidence that countries that freed up capital flows have experienced sustained economic growth as a result.
19428- That will be a hard thing to do for an economy whose recent economic growth, though real, remains shaky.
19429- Would an Iranian bomb really be so bad?
19430- In his memoir, Rubin recalls a moment when he held firm on world trade: "Protecting industries is usually appealing, because the negative consequences of free trade are so visible....
19431- Lasting stability.
19432- "Now, like T.S. Eliot, I can say, 'April is the cruelest month.'
19433- That law minimizes or eliminates the ability to purchase influence in exchange for my contribution.
19434- This view is already conventional wisdom, not only in America, but in Europe as well.
19435- But this does not make governments' political task much easier, because the benefits are diffuse: consumers paying less for airline tickets may not attribute it to deregulation.
19436- She even had an oil tanker named after her.
19437- This does not mean that the world should abandon Iraq.
19438- Among the disloyal, however, each becomes a traitor in his own way.
19439- The hard men of his nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) look likely to do as they are told. But the BJP has never shown any sign of solicitude towards Pakistan's interests.
19440- Germany's chancellor was not motivated by European goals, either, but took an anti-war stand on Iraq to deal with his own domestic problems: the weakness of his government and pacifist sentiments among the majority of Germans.
19441- But in the Saudi context they are a real breakthrough.
19442- Let Poland prove that the link between modernization and secularization is wrong.
19443- Indeed, it comes as somewhat of a shock to realize that the age of the population explosion may be coming to an end.
19444- The media, legislators, and other organizations often raise concerns about human-rights violations and ethical breaches in clinical research.
19445- To be sure, the number of jobs moving to Africa is tiny compared to those going to Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe.
19446- What is wrong with the fact that a parliamentary committee passes a political judgment against a Commissioner for purely political reasons?
19447- By contrast, those who lose from trade, or who fear that they could lose, while relatively small in number, are anything but invisible.
19448- If public opinion polls are to be believed, on May 29 the French will reject the European Union's draft constitutional treaty.
19449- Most are bright, creative, and productive in their own right, but they do not seek desperately to dissociate themselves from him, establish their own little fiefdoms elsewhere, and beat him at his own game.
19450- Only in exceptional circumstances is fiscal harmonization justified: prohibitions, say, on fiscal incentives aimed at limiting competition, impeding commerce, or restricting the movement of capital.
19451- To the US administration, every act in the drama of the war on terror was seen as discrete and self-contained: Afghanistan, Iraq, Palestine, and Hezbollah in Lebanon.
19452- He crams his party with mediocrities, selects mostly bad advisers, and does not listen to the rare good ones.
19453- The heads of state of the hemisphere's democratic countries met to discuss economic, political, and social issues -- and to lose another opportunity to create a new and healthier relationship between the United States and its Latin American neighbors.
19454- This mountainous town, situated on the banks of the Kunhar River, has been destroyed.
19455- Second, the length of time that has passed since the crimes -- longer than 30 years, in some cases -- far exceeds that for any comparable proceeding. Other war crimes courts have taken place in the immediate aftermath of conflict.
19456- With China's US trade surplus reaching $200 billion last year, American sentiment is growing to take strong measures.
19457- Indeed, polls show that the party could still finish first.
19458- A twenty-first century Quixote tilting at the windmills of canned politics?
19459- This brings into focus the second requirement of self-defense. Evidence of aggressive design must be public and visible to all.
19460- Crushed by the bands and wheels of military vehicles, explosions of bombs and mines, and digging of trenches and walls, the desert's crust is broken and the fine sand particles beneath it are exposed to the wind.
19461- Those who are committed to liberty must learn to appreciate and defend it now, lest they someday have to fight to get it back.
19462- Finally, the United Nations Security Council has unanimously agreed a resolution to end the crisis in Lebanon.
19463- The Revolt of the Mullahs
19464- Migrant workers may send money home for a variety of reasons: to maintain good family relations, to ensure an inheritance, or to re-pay a loan from elders.
19465- But depending on proxies puts the principal agent's fate in the hands of people who may not define victory as the principal agent does: an Afghanistan rebuilt on solid political foundations and free of terror.
19466- Foreign direct investment in many developing regions has dried up, and emerging markets that depend on such capital flows, particularly in South America, have seen their economies thrown into a renewed financial crisis.
19467- Until recently, Russia's robust opposition to the idea posed a serious obstacle, because it sharpened the impression that Russia regarded its so-called "near abroad" as a zone of special interest and influence.
19468- The loss of soft power implied by rejection of further enlargement would be a setback for Europe, the Balkans, and international stability.
19469- · Sustain long-term commitments. Initiatives such as the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership and the European Neighborhood Policy need sustained political engagement and resources if they are to work.
19470- we should insist that the world's politicians recognize the overwhelming scientific evidence that points to the major environmental perils humanity faces;
19471- That depends on whether the cost to the looters of being shot so clearly outweighs the value of the stolen goods that the storeowner should do nothing, at least at the moment.
19472- Sufficient unto themselves behind the Kremlin's walls, Putin and his officials rule in ways more arbitrary and opaque than would be tolerated in a true democracy.
19473- Bolivia has enough experience of its own.
19474- Social redistribution can be effected through fiscal measures rather than by direct intervention in the labor market.
19475- Barking Alsatian dogs, stern guards, and waiters dressed in inmate uniforms work hard to recreate the gulag's sinister atmosphere.
19476- The SDIH is sometimes assumed to be a fundamental law of visual perception.
19477- In the wake of the latest crisis, Georgia seems poised to join the rogue gallery of the world's failed states, places where the only law is chaos.
19478- Last year I worked in Ghana as country director of Journalists for Human Rights, a Canadian group that helps African journalists give voice to the voiceless in their society while raising awareness of human rights abuses.
19479- Should we prevent them from doing so?
19480- Indeed, the thought experiment of turning statistical lives into identifiable lives highlights an important point about policy-making: much, if not all, of the appeal of "efficient" resource allocation depends on the anonymity of the victims.
19481- Moreover, designing new risk-management products is not easy.
19482- Still, even in the traditionally weak-currency countries, changes afoot suggest that a turnaround in political attitudes and public opinion toward a stronger euro may be on the horizon.
19483- It is a synonym for a new beginning, new hope, the rule of the "better me" that exists in all of us.
19484- In terms of global priorities, this figure compares with the $900 billion that the world currently commits to military expenditures each year.
19485- The opposition, grouped in the Pro-National Conference Organization (PRONACO), a new umbrella coalition of political parties and human rights groups, has said it would convene an alternative national conference in June.
19486- Some large middle-income food exporters (such as Brazil and Argentina) would also reap gains.
19487- Admission of new members will repeat the positive experience of the last enlargement round.
19488- Multinational executives frequently cite China as their favorite investment destination, but many of them also complain about rampant graft.
19489- Foreign policy and defense belong, par excellence, at government's apex. There are clear externalities and economies of scale.
19490- The PLA has spent an inordinate amount of its rapidly growing resources in areas that give it an asymmetrical advantage, such as electronic warfare and human intelligence.
19491- - Russia itself placed membership for the Baltic three atop Nato's agenda.
19492- This is all the more true in view of the fact that the migration of decisions to an ill-defined global space is being accompanied by a widespread demand for more direct forms of democracy that can bring decisions closer to people, regions, and local communities.
19493- It takes power away from people in their own names, but gives them fear rather than confidence.
19494- In this context, the veto power conferred on the victors of World War Two was not concerned with "internal" conflicts among the member states; it extended only to threats to peace from countries outside the UN consensus.
19495- Yet in this case they provided, collectively, more reliable evidence than that reported in numerous controlled clinical trials.
19496- Railway fares will be higher, but taxes will be lower, because only those who actually use trains will pay the costs, rather than the non-traveling taxpayers.
19497- After all, Horst Köhler, the IMF managing director, resigned from a job that commands the world's attention to accept the nomination to become President of Germany, a ceremonial post with no power whatsoever, not even inside Germany.
19498- In Western Europe, Japan, and the United States, places where individuality lost its novelty long ago and where the managerial spirit and mass commerce flourish, this sameness may be something to debate.
19499- The Russian Federation is the expanded Union's largest energy supplier and a counterbalance to the volatile Middle East.
19500- Viewed from the perspective such truths provide, the European Union's eastward enlargement, for example, is highly desirable not despite but because it may lead to migration from the new member states to the old.
19501- The decision by Depfa Bank to shift its headquarters from Wiesbaden to Dublin in 2002 may be a sign of things to come.
19502- To their Arab spectators, grandstanding is almost as good a proof of leadership as actually doing something.
19503- This is even more worrying when you realize that scientists should also be monitoring bacteria, prions, and parasites.
19504- The National Bureau of Economic Research, the non-profit organization that has long been responsible for marking the beginning and end of America's recessions, has finally declared that the recession that it said began in March 2001 is over.
19505- In the IMF world, member countries are referred to as shareholders.
19506- As the writer Robert Kagan concluded in the revision of his book in which he declared Europeans to be from Venus and Americans from Mars, it turns out that Americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images cannot escape Europe.
19507- Europe or China are unlikely to overtake the Americans in the next two decades.
19508- So, at its foundation, only one powerful body was introduced, the Security Council on which the world's great military powers sat.
19509- Throughout the post-war era, until the early 1990's, Italian governments survived less than a year on average.
19510- In this way, the bank temporarily exchanges its illiquid assets for cash, pays off its depositors, and avoids doing so at a loss.
19511- But if it does, it will probably be due to a sharp rise in interest rates.
19512- This is logical, transparent, and representative.
19513- America's Coming Social Democracy?
19514- They cannot take preventive measures.
19515- A peaceful, democratic Iraqi regime could be established.
19516- The state-owned oil company, which accounts for a major chunk of government revenue, is hugely inefficient, and invests far too little in new equipment and technology.
19517- It also requires a basic economic status, including an income guarantee, which can be provided in a variety of ways.
19518- It is also why a free press that reports these problems, congressional hearings that investigate them, and a recent set of Supreme Court decisions that give detainees legal recourse are also so important.
19519- I recently took part in a conference in Belgrade entitled "Dealing with the Past in ex-Yugoslavia."
19520- Moreover, all three were met with delight by American neo-conservatives and other hawks who see their Europhobe, and especially Francophobe, instincts confirmed.
19521- What had to be transmitted was not the final organism, but the recipe to make it.
19522- Farmers are a different story.
19523- The abuses should have been covered months ago.
19524- Yet it miraculously gained control of all of Ukraine's gas imports from Central Asia.
19525- This is also why the illusion has sometimes been called "paradoxical."
19526- Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's annual visits to the Yasukuni Shrine - which is widely viewed as a symbol of Japan's former militarism - is a conspicuous example of this.
19527- It is difficult to avoid the implication that Europe's need for immigrants is likely to combine with massive, and probably irresistible, migratory pressure from developing countries to the developed world.
19528- A decisive US effort behind President Bush's initial call for the immediate withdrawal of Israeli troops from the occupied territories could have worked.
19529- A decisive blow against poverty was struck when India's new Finance Minister Chidambaram tabled the 2004/2005 budget.
19530- Justice Comes to Chad
19531- Now that King Fahad is gone, old scores among his numerous brothers and half brothers, not to mention the thousands of princes in the next generation, will need to be settled.
19532- At the same time, the Zeitgeist has turned against the ideals of solidarity since the 1970's.
19533- This has given new strength to those who want Turkey to develop in another direction, towards a more Islamic society instead of a modern secular state.
19534- Private incentives always need to be aligned with social costs and benefits if productive efficiency is to be achieved.
19535- Not at all.
19536- Most developed countries followed America's lead, with developing countries proscribing its use in agriculture, and some for all purposes.
19537- The Prophet of Islam, Muhammad, brought one -- and only one -- religion.
19538- Arab governments feel provoked by President George W. Bush, particularly as he announced his initiative with little regional consultation.
19539- It is likely that the violence that erupted in the fall of 2005 in many French cities and suburbs, in which young and unemployed black people played a large part, has accelerated the willingness of French officials to come to terms with this historical legacy.
19540- The US confronted something similar in the late 1980s.
19541- This means that decision-makers, on both sides of the Atlantic, should always take into account the effect of their decisions (and of their language) on the relationship.
19542- If climate change were on the agenda for Hu's upcoming trip, the meeting, whether or not it is designated a "state visit," could be one of historic consequence.
19543- national income 6.2 1.1 1.1 4.5 6.8
19544- Others think that a whole new approach is required.
19545- During the past century, the post-Confucian states have accustomed themselves to a pluralistic world of theoretically equal nation states.
19546- However, there is now a high risk that Italian politicians will return to their old habits.
19547- So, have women at or near the top made no real difference to politics?
19548- This may have been unfair, but at least it kept money flowing to the periphery.
19549- There was widespread fear that dependence on computers would produce a millennial catastrophe, as hospitals, airplanes, power grids, and communications would all grind to a halt when 1999 became 2000.
19550- Unless there is a conflict of interest between a company's management and its board, owners in common-law countries have no legal recourse when managers' operational or strategic decisions are bad, stupid, or otherwise harmful to shareholders.
19551- But there is an iron clad requirement for coordination to be genuinely effective: both central banks must see prevailing exchange rates as being in conflict with their domestic policy objectives and share the view that intervention can have a sustainable impact on the exchange rate.
19552- One factor is the will of the new government.
19553- Each should be regarded as an urgent matter by the new government, and each, if handled adroitly, could be "sold" to the public as the type of popular reform that people have been demanding.
19554- Brainwashed Iraqi forces, and a regime complicit at every level in Saddam's crimes, would be fighting not to hang on to a conquest (as in the Gulf War of 1991) but to defend their homeland.
19555- Moreover, the Commission "failed to identify or demonstrate clearly" how the merged operators would enforce any "common policy."
19556- To be sure, expanded trade holds great promise for promoting development and democracy.
19557- For conservatives, Islamic law is based on the Koran and the verified sayings and doings (the Sunnah) of the Prophet Mohammad, as these are unanimously viewed by respected scholars.
19558- These arrangements will preserve the EU's unique institutional essence - the balances between its institutions and among member states - while offering the prospect of greater effectiveness, efficiency, and transparency.
19559- One reason that Russia's reform debates are so barren is the country's lack of coherent political parties.
19560- Only an incurable optimist can hope that the summit will bring glory to any of them.
19561- As it turned out, this episode was even shorter-lived than the conservative counter-revolution.
19562- Chechen fighters and Kashmiri insurgents apparently receive financial support, weapons and training from sources linked to bin Laden's network.
19563- In an attempt to taint the groups I support and intimidate other donors, they imply that my contributions are illegitimate or that I have somehow broken the law.
19564- These experiences became burned so deeply into the Chinese psyche that even China's current economic and political rise has not overcome an underlying sense of victimization and grievance.
19565- Only after the Iron Curtain's fall and the establishment of market economies in ex-communist countries did the lack of competitiveness of German workers become apparent.
19566- For the first time ever, the world has it in its power to eliminate those extreme conditions.
19567- The threat today is not inflation, but unemployment.
19568- So commentators, policymakers, and businessmen should stop calling for the ECB to do something about the "strong Euro."
19569- The central issue of our time is finding the right balance between the government and the market.
19570- At the same time, Saudi public opinion has been inflamed, mostly because of their rulers' apparent apathy toward the plight of the Palestinian people, particularly when contrasted with Osama bin Laden's lethal propaganda. Since the terrorist attacks of September 11
19571- The 1990's saw "depression" formally redefined as a serotonin-deficiency disease and the scourge of millions--a convenient and seductive view, but deeply simplistic.
19572- While Iraq - an attempt to import democracy by force - is failing, the paradoxical conditions of an Arab democracy under Israeli occupation may be a threat that Arab rulers have not yet comprehended.
19573- Structure, institutions, and policies are critical determinants, as is the availability of qualified technical and administrative personnel.
19574- Sovereignty is no longer a sanctuary.
19575- An uprising that would give the allies the city without a fight, however, is too much to expect so long as they fear that Saddam might survive to punish them.
19576- They don't offer the implicit, unconscious ties of community that citizens felt in the past.
19577- After two years of off-and-on nuclear brinkmanship, India and Pakistan are once again talking about how to settle their differences rather than issuing threats and rattling nuclear sabers.
19578- Here the international community will have to help, for just as Southeast Asia's economies needed some protection for their infant industries, so Africa's may also need a brief respite from the whip of the global market during the first stage of building the AU.
19579- Russian activism in the CIS will also bring it into direct rivalry with the EU.
19580- Trade liberalization with monopoly importers only served to transfer some government revenues into the pockets of the monopolists.
19581- National interests can no longer be effectively pursued unilaterally; US global interests are served best by multilateral action and bodies.
19582- Replacing biomass sources by less destructive energy supplies has thus become increasingly urgent.
19583- Public health workers argue that therapy should be imposed upon patients who are at risk of failing to complete it -- a policy that others claim would violate individual liberty.
19584- Government parties were also hurt by the nationalistic rhetoric of center-right parties, which repeatedly warned against a betrayal of national interests.
19585- Another reason for our greater fear of terrorism is that whereas ordinary criminals prefer secrecy, terrorists crave publicity.
19586- International agreements and international law are so essential for coexistence on this crowded globe that not even the most powerful nation can do without them.
19587- In July, Al Jazeera became the first Arab TV station to create a professional code of ethics.
19588- Today's fears about deflation may represent a historic turning point, much as when the public mood turned decisively against inflation around 1980.
19589- But this unusual procedure, permitted in the military commissions, runs afoul of accepted canons of federal, Constitutional, and international law.
19590- While psychiatry may be leading the debate about these problems, other medical specialties cannot be far behind.
19591- Instead, we witness a process of economic globalization that has escaped political control and, as such, is causing economic havoc as well as ecological devastation in many parts of the world.
19592- From a purely economic point of view, pulling Japan out of its long slump would be simple.
19593- China's government must acknowledge that deep income inequality and rural poverty is no longer exclusively an economic problem, but threatens social peace and political stability.
19594- Today's world does not offer prosperity to all.
19595- The West must stick with Afghanistan until its reconstruction is established.
19596- If myths could come true through sheer willpower, Cristina Kirchner, the wife of Argentine President Néstor Kircher, would already be a 21st-century Evita Perón.
19597- So far, Blair has proven his resilience to such charges.
19598- The Bush administration has also trampled on citizens' basic right to know what their government is doing, refusing, for example, to disclose who was on the task force that shaped its energy policy - though one really doesn't need that information to see that it was shaped by the oil industry and for the oil industry.
19599- At least we should welcome the fact that these two topics - poverty and the environment - are the two main themes of the Earth Summit.
19600- But the same is true of money spent on, say, national defense.
19601- Zhao abolished the policy of enterprises being run by Party organizations and the system by which fa ren ("legal representatives") were the core of enterprises.
19602- Foreign correspondents accredited in Moscow complained that nothing was happening in Putin's Russia.
19603- Bribery and embezzlement have always existed in Russia, before Lenin's October Revolution and after.
19604- Once it can be done reliably, it will pave the way for important medical breakthroughs.
19605- Declining stock markets and low interest rates, have left private pensions around the world more vulnerable than was expected.
19606- Under that bargain, the bigger states accepted restraints on their power in order to increase the weight of the Union as a whole while the smaller ones realized that being part of the club gave them a chance they would not have otherwise, namely to participate in the shaping of common policies.
19607- Indeed, at one European newspaper, articles that arrived via e-mail were re-typed by typographers: the technology for transferring them electronically was available, but not the work rules to allow the paper to apply it.
19608- Not everyone in Europe is happy with an anti-inflation central bank.
19609- The WTO is important to East Asia, but the reverse is also true.
19610- Paradoxically the Left, stemming mostly from the old communist parties, does not face the same problem.
19611- Our work, however, strongly supports Fukuyama's theory that cultures and values take a back seat to the level of a country's modernity in determining its social conditions.
19612- Denmark seeks an ambitious result in the institutional negotiations.
19613- They also portray American life as open, mobile, individualistic, anti-establishment, pluralist, populist, and free.
19614- One difficult question not raised during those discussions at Harvard is this: what would have happened if the opponent had not been Khrushchev, who behaved rather rationally throughout the crisis, but had been an irresponsible Saddam Hussein, Kim Jong Il or a fundamentalist?
19615- The intervening years have seen an explosion of technological innovation that has carried America's general productivity growth back up to its pre-slowdown levels.
19616- More to the point, it did not bode well for a supposedly democratizing project to reject democratic processes at the UN.
19617- We are haunted by images of terror and warfare.
19618- The first time, they gained a governing plurality, put their slogans into practice, and failed to maintain their popular support.
19619- First, Tung's repeated policy failures over the last five years caused public confidence in his administration to evaporate.
19620- To be sure, we economists have found that globalization appears to have played a far lesser role in growing wage inequality than have technological advances.
19621- One such standard, which might conceivably win international consent, would be an ``international term limit'' on heads of government.
19622- Leftovers from the past - conspiracy theories, mistrust, spy-hunting, and embargoes on technological exchanges - should be consigned to the past.
19623- Kennedy acted as he did because NATO, other allies, and world opinion supported him;
19624- We do not live together, but in isolation from each other.
19625- Both the Foreign and Defense Ministries wanted a drawn-out fight over America's withdrawal from the ABM Treaty and NATO enlargement.
19626- One can only hope that this recognition will serve as her guidepost when tough decisions must be made and changes in style alone will not be enough.
19627- First, and perhaps least self-evident, is energy. Countries like Mexico, Venezuela, and Colombia supply up to 40% of US oil imports, and could easily replace unstable suppliers in the Middle East.
19628- For a start, it relies on the use of fossil fuel energy to light and ventilate the sheds, and to transport the grain eaten by the chickens.
19629- They will focus initially on sectors such as credit cards but could develop other joint ventures.
19630- Whether China will prove to be a paper dragon of little military substance or a crouching tiger with sharp claws remains unresolved.
19631- Eto'o can play for any Spanish, Italian, or English club, but in the national competitions, he can play only for Cameroon.
19632- The roadmap is--so far--silent on this issue.
19633- These books tell our history in an odd way.
19634- It is natural and right that, at this grave hour, the most powerful and largest democracies forge a strategic alliance to confront it.
19635- The link between intellectual recognition of risks and the impetus to act against them is mediated by fear: we have been programmed over millions of years of evolution to take decisive action against immediate and obvious threats.
19636- What is surprising in the face of this brain drain is the power of the lobby of university professors in Europe to block reform.
19637- Increasingly, Iraqi girls interpret anything given to them as a means to have sex with them.
19638- Now consider the two regional engines, Japan and China. Japan's sclerotic domestic economy makes it incapable of exerting regional leadership.
19639- How could this happen?
19640- Listen carefully these days to Israelis and South Koreans. What they are hinting at is no less than a tectonic shift in the international system: the shift from a unipolar to a multipolar world.
19641- But Chávez unjustifiably vilified many of them including neighboring Colombia, which is one reason why his push to gain for Venezuela the Latin American seat on the United Nations Security Council was recently blocked.
19642- Great Britain came to the defense of Belgium and France.
19643- The IMF is working to fill that gap now. But the austerity charge is misconceived.
19644- Obviously, these two countries' relative positions are due to circumstances that can be changed, or that will change in response to economic events and political decisions.
19645- Camilla Toulmin, who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development, a London-based NGO, was present at a lecture on climate change that Al Gore gave in June. She asked him what he thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change, but who have done the least to cause it.
19646- This encourages the belief that structural changes in the brain that are associated with major depression can be prevented or even reversed with the right medications and other treatments.
19647- Lucky are those countries that have both, and that nurture and protect them!
19648- Europe's states have been able to achieve this discipline primarily because they are democracies.
19649- Over the past decade Europe has made important progress in restoring macroeconomic stability, but it has been less successful in enacting the micro-level reforms that are necessary to deregulate markets and improve their efficiency.
19650- But it also raises a serious problem.
19651- But once someone's fingertips touch the keyboard, the "Kitchen Table Democracy" of the Web no longer exists -- he or she may find themselves stepping into a trap, because the Internet Police monitor every word that is typed.
19652- The memory of its victims is not only a national, but also a European responsibility.
19653- One would hope that his removal would reduce market volatility and stabilize oil prices.
19654- Likewise, the amateur painter does not increase her or his attractiveness much compared to a van Gogh or a Picasso.
19655- America's corporate scandals have undermined the market's moral standing, while the end of the Internet bubble has weakened its economic credibility.
19656- NATO was created in 1949 as an alliance to contain Soviet power.
19657- - Only a few rules are freestanding, i.e. can be fully understood and enforced without reference to other legal terms and concepts.
19658- But stress is worrisome precisely because even misinterpretations can add to, or result in, a wide variety of health problems, including heart disease, stroke, cancer, musculoskeletal and gastrointestinal diseases, anxiety and depression, accidents, and suicides.
19659- But this attitude thwarts urgently needed insight into who the suicide bombers really are, what motivates them, and thus how they might be stopped. In fact, there are basically two categories of suicide bombers.
19660- With more children surviving to adulthood, poor families are choosing to have fewer children, and to invest more in their health and education.
19661- The odds also favor terrorists, in that one success can compensate for multiple failures.
19662- Israel and the Palestinians remain a subject of profound Europe-US disagreements, as are issues surrounding the environment and the idea of sustainable development.
19663- He may even have a shot at winning, as the SDP, his party, is reviving in the polls.
19664- Throughout 2004, it became abundantly clear that Russia's internal security apparatus had gained the upper hand in deciding how to manage economic and political problems.
19665- In poor households, they are also likely to receive less food than boys, placing their physical health and development at even greater risk.
19666- All of this suggests a tectonic shift in Japan's military thinking.
19667- But the EU's new member countries have no access to any safety net.
19668- The same was true when Argentina's economy collapsed last year, when violence wracked Haiti and a hurricane ravaged Honduras before that, and whenever floods submerge villages in Bangladesh.
19669- We live in an age of financial capitalism, and the only intelligent way forward -- for unions and other workers' associations -- is for these bodies to help their members make increasingly sophisticated use of the tools of risk management.
19670- Markets loathe uncertainty and volatility.
19671- If the increase in steel tariffs were an isolated incident it would be bad enough.
19672- However, mutual interaction and equal partnership remain the only response -- especially if they are reflected into long overdue reforms of multilateral institutions and increased global governance.
19673- If in these times of militarily-accomplished regime change real sovereignty can only be guaranteed by nuclear arms, why not go this route?
19674- An astonishing fact about Prime Minister Blair's Labor Party is that it secured 2% less of the popular vote in 2001 than in 1997, and ended up with just over 40% of the total.
19675- When we think about medical diagnosis, we usually think in terms of science.
19676- Women on Top?
19677- In the long run, such actions are likely to make a much greater impact on global warming than Kyoto-style responses.
19678- At the same time, India's growing population will make increasing demands on water supplies - mainly for agriculture, which absorbs more than 80% of all the fresh water India consumes.
19679- India achieved notable successes more recently, though much remains to be accomplished.
19680- First and foremost, aiding and inciting the expression of popular anger against Japan gives China's Communist Party leaders a powerful and readily available vehicle for rallying domestic support, thereby legitimizing their own power.
19681- Today, a new comparative debate has started.
19682- I was left wondering why this is happening on such a scale now.
19683- If Israel and the international community are genuinely serious about ending the occupation, Hamas will cooperate.
19684- The G8 summit earlier this year focused on Africa and climate change because the two issues are linked: Africa is particularly vulnerable to the effects of climate change and therefore must be supported to adapt to it.
19685- Everything should be supervised by vets. Otherwise, you are infringing EU regulations and are guilty of exercising "unnecessary cruelty" upon animals.
19686- In haste, the IMF arrived on the scene, waving $10 billion at the problem.
19687- New York versus Houston makes that point just as well as France versus Greece.
19688- Berlusconi has been equally active in pushing reforms that serve his economic interests.
19689- Moreover, anatomically modern populations shared a number of these innovations with Neanderthals, which many anthropologists and geneticists consider a different species, or a human type inherently incapable of reaching our cognitive level.
19690- If this happens when we claim to love trees, I shudder to think what would happen if we were ambivalent about them? Or thought we could live without them?
19691- Leaders can thus be made prisoners in their own countries.
19692- In the French presidential campaign, everyone knew what Le Pen stood for; but neither Chirac nor Jospin had a clear program to offer, just vague, abstract generalities.
19693- Are European females that much lazier than American females?
19694- America has been the developed world's stingiest donor, a fact unrecognized by the American people.
19695- In addition to air defenses, command centers and communications, key targets will be the offices, barracks, depots, bunkers, and any known evacuation lodgings and tented camps of Saddam's Special and regular Republican Guards, and of his five different security organizations.
19696- But his opposition to the Gaza Strip withdrawal, coupled with his strong criticism of Sharon, cost him his position as heir apparent.
19697- People reacted in a variety of ways.
19698- Our aim was to grant some basic rights to the nonhuman great apes: life, liberty, and the prohibition of torture.
19699- Previously, Turkey viewed Iraq solely in the context of its domestic Kurdish problem.
19700- But this is the view of only a small minority of leaders, notably former Prime Minister Abu Mazin and Muhammad Dahlan, who heads his own militia in the Gaza Strip.
19701- The chronic fear of health authorities is that, by chance, another avian influenza virus will mutate and spread from person to person to spawn a global pandemic.
19702- Pathogens also have specialized means of transmission from host to host.
19703- Past enlargements have been in packets of one, two, or at most three new members.
19704- But, especially after the signing of the Kyoto protocol, we can value at least part of these environmental services: carbon sequestration (that is, if they did not maintain their forests, the level of carbon concentrations in the atmosphere would be enormously higher).
19705- Nearly all mortgages have floating rates that vary with the five-year loan rate set by the People's Bank.
19706- Rather than making really substantive improvements in the quantity and quality of aid delivery, not to mention finding a path towards better governance in Africa, they chose a desperate plea for photo ops with Bono and Angelina Jolie.
19707- Moreover, the economy is growing much faster than before.
19708- However, recent years have witnessed a steady decline in educational spending, from 4% of GDP in 2001-02 to 3.8% in 2002-04 and 3.5% in 2004-05.
19709- Prodi, a convinced European, is less likely to favor a weak euro.
19710- Nowadays, indeed, instead of deepening disparities in standards of living in Europe, which was the historic norm, differences are actually blurring as the quality of life everywhere in Europe rises.
19711- In 1950, when the EU was born, the political dilemma was comparatively simple. So was its solution: the large member states--France, Germany, and Italy--accepted some common decision-making, because they believed they were still independent nation states.
19712- Now that rich countries no longer need to worry about losing the developing world to Communism, they have an opportunity to redefine the global economic order according to the same principles on which they built successful national economies: fair competition and social justice.
19713- Such activity crossed the line drawn by Putin.
19714- Olmert seemed to be reminding the Iranians of the hard realities of nuclear deterrence: Iran may join the nuclear club someday, but it will return to the Stone Age if it uses those weapons against a country that has a far more advanced nuclear arsenal.
19715- It takes nerve and energy to live like that.
19716- What is precious must be preserved, and what enriches must be absorbed.
19717- On one hand, because it covered only those countries projected to emit roughly half of the world's greenhouse-gas emissions by mid-century, it was not an effective long-run safeguard against the dangers of global warming.
19718- But, having been used to keep state-owned enterprises afloat for too long, the banks are essentially insolvent.
19719- A second requirement is that we look ahead more effectively.
19720- Gradually, with lenders becoming increasingly confident in subsequent years that low inflation was here to stay, real long-term interest rates began heading south.
19721- The Ghost of Biafra
19722- On the other hand, hard power without soft power means only destruction.
19723- The modern human-rights movement was born out of the UN, and in many ways it has never entirely left home.
19724- Of the fossil energy sources - primarily oil - that African countries do exploit, only a quarter is consumed locally.
19725- But Europe's stability and commitment to economic growth across the continent require that these interests be satisfied without economic pressure or unilateral intervention.
19726- Although Abdullah is usually referred to in the West as Saudi Arabia's ruler, the debilitated King Fahd's six full brothers are the ones who truly represent the real power in the Kingdom.
19727- When Lithuania and then the other Baltic States -- Estonia and Latvia -- which were occupied by Stalin early in WWII, seized their opportunity for freedom in 1990-91, the Kremlin did not sit on its hands.
19728- At the heart of Shell's oil reserves scandal is the desire for profit and the elaborate mechanisms that it nurtured in collaboration with corrupt military dictators over the years to ensure that its operations yield enormous dividends at the expense of ordinary Nigerians.
19729- That elite, the old politburo nomenclature, was united by homogenized opinions.
19730- Together with today's weak consumer demand, this is a recipe for economic malaise.
19731- Of course, you cannot "adopt" abandoned factories or the unemployed masses in the way that dogs can be adopted.
19732- If the only factor that increases a professor's salary is the passage of time, why make the extra effort to excel?
19733- A successful export strategy hinges not on how much countries export, but on what they export and how their export sectors are integrated with other domestic economic activities.
19734- Ever since Laurent Fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking, "Who will mind the children?", her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her, and when they do criticize her, she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim, unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies.
19735- With little trust in existing institutions to implement reforms, Djindjic often took shortcuts, using extra-legal means and improvised parliamentary majorities to push through legislation.
19736- Often quietly, America and European nations are sharing intelligence, capturing terrorists, and disrupting their finances.
19737- Yet, after last week's Brussels summit ended in failure, the Germans and their French allies are talking up a "two-speed" Europe, with the so-called "pioneer group" of Germany, France, Italy, and the Benelux countries--Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg--going faster and pursuing deeper integration projects than the others.
19738- The Turkish government has adopted an active role as a promoter of peace and has reconfigured its policies toward a number of regional problems.
19739- As in Lebanon, Iraqis might need to create a balance between the offices of president, prime minister, and speaker of parliament, and to agree that a leader of a different major community will occupy each.
19740- The EU cannot reduce carbon emissions within its borders if it does not cooperate with Ukraine and Russia: carbon dioxide emissions per capita in these two countries rival that of many West European states, even though their per capita income is 15 to 30 times lower.
19741- For economists, the challenge is to work out the operational implications of these universal principles in specific economies.
19742- Angell's argument was simple: in all prolonged modern industrial wars, everybody loses.
19743- But the rest of Western Europe and Japan have not.
19744- Why, then, did real inflation-corrected oil prices remain at or above their 1974 levels until 1986?
19745- A better path for the EU is to show that Europe still works.
19746- Ukraine's Borgia Campaign
19747- The EU's large states feel particularly vulnerable, and it is there that the biggest shock to expectations has occurred.
19748- But then it became clear that all you have to do is get a gene and sequence it, get a protein and sequence it, and simply translate one into the other.
19749- Over the last decade, monetary policy has been a true success story.
19750- The focus must be put on diversifying the economy and enhancing the productive capacity of domestic suppliers.
19751- Marshall Harry, an ANPP chieftain and General Buhari's point man in the volatile Niger delta region, was murdered on March 5
19752- Why is it no longer the place in which the representatives of the people debate great issues and hold the executive to account?
19753- The world has been transfixed by the victory of Hamas in the Palestinian election.
19754- The BJP can't take such risks because it fears holding early elections.
19755- The Euro's exchange rate has since endured a roller-coaster ride.
19756- But this time, the markets were calm, mostly because economists believe that Chile's GDP will continue growing in 2006 at a brisk 6.3% annual rate.
19757- In particular the EU must resist calls for higher tariffs from southern European textile manufacturers, as these businesses have failed to restructure, despite ample warnings over the last decade to do so.
19758- That is an outcome that no true European believer in France and Germany should be prepared to countenance.
19759- But Indonesia is currently growing at only about half that rate.
19760- But a key condition for a smooth redeployment of US troops is close consultations by America with its allies, something it has not done well up to now.
19761- Perhaps this quest will take a long time. But that is no reason to approach Russia as if walking on egg shells.
19762- The ECB is unlikely to pay serious attention to Sweden's specific needs, so Sweden will probably not be given the wiggle room granted its larger neighbors.
19763- How and why has this happened?
19764- But there is another reason, no less important, that concerns morals and ideology.
19765- European leaders must therefore take up two challenges.
19766- To my mind, though, the greatest risk is geopolitical instability.
19767- Sometimes this involves a terrorist attack by radical Palestinians against Israeli civilians, in the hope of provoking an exaggerated violent response from Israel that breaks the process of trust building among moderates on both sides.
19768- A wide range of effective treatments are available that don't cause weight gain, sexual dysfunction, diabetes, memory loss, or addiction.
19769- Has "being frank about our concerns," the justification for hobnobbing with the likes of Putin, proven effective?
19770- The second biggest economy in the world is Japan's, but the fraction of its trade denominated in yen remains low, even when compared to the smallest European countries.
19771- This is welcome news.
19772- Whites, Asians, and Middle Easterners mix well.
19773- Fifty years of communist misrule have left what was once the most advanced city in Asia a distant also-ran.
19774- It would decisively split Europe by allowing the big countries and their satellites to go their own way.
19775- Turkey's Final Act?
19776- Markets and personal initiative are pervasive.
19777- In Tehran, the country's political heart and soul, less than a third of the electorate turned out.
19778- We celebrate them as individuals who demonstrate how far we can travel in life, how beautiful human beings can actually be.
19779- Developing skills and qualifications represents a powerful step towards a more peaceful and prosperous future in areas of conflict and poverty, but the interest in helping countries take that step is universal. Note for the Editor :
19780- Climate shocks such as the fierce El Nino of 1997-98 played a major role in recent economic upheavals.
19781- The Union and the Dragon
19782- After their qualification for this year's World Cup, the Ivory Coast's national team, including players from the north and south, addressed all of their fellow citizens, asking the warring factions to lay down their weapons and to put an end to the conflict that has shattered their country.
19783- A referendum on joining the Euro probably cannot be won unless a British government is willing to say three things: first, that it favors closer EU political integration; second, that the single currency is but one expression of that integration, and third, that it is committed to Euro membership.
19784- After all, today's terrible conditions are the result of staggering corruption and waste over the last 40 years.
19785- Obviously, that solution must be in line with Chinese proposals and interests: a denuclearized Korean peninsula, which has the support of the EU.
19786- After initial uncertainties, there was soon a clear and widely recognised vision of where the country should go.
19787- It is equally imperative to establish the rule of law, exercised by an independent and respected judiciary.
19788- At the same time, rising anti-Americanism preceded the US response to the terrorist attacks.
19789- Putin's rule is not only authoritarian; it is dysfunctional.
19790- Welcoming "red capitalists" therefore does not imply democratization.
19791- Street-fighting will need to be done by those targeted by air bombardment: Saddam's elite troops.
19792- Changing constitutions is always a risky business.
19793- The old deadlock on security issues is relaxing, and the Japanese public, recognizing the changed international environment, mostly embraces the Self-Defense Forces' deployment in pursuit of international and regional responsibilities.
19794- The population left behind must have secure governments and institutions in place.
19795- Lula's countrymen, who elected him overwhelmingly, need rapid economic growth and job creation.
19796- "My life continues in the lives of my children," we say, but for an individual this is an empty phrase.
19797- None of the proposals are mutually exclusive, but there are trade-offs.
19798- But autonomous economic regions should be avoided as a threat to Afghan national unity because they would play into the hands of the warlords.
19799- The current generation of big business in Russia will be considered illegitimate for a long time.
19800- This enthusiasm for reform marks a paradigm shift.
19801- Egyptian porn before Nasser featured local beauties and voyeurism, but now focuses on fair-haired and pale-skinned women, sometimes with forced sex as a theme.
19802- Although this gap endangers the future of Latin American democracy, many Latin American leaders consider it apostasy to admit that living standards are little better today than they were during the era of dictators.
19803- The US, for example, initially had strong objections to the Convention on Tobacco Control, but dropped them in the face of international criticism.
19804- Poverty is endemic, with more than three-quarters of Nigerians living on less than US$2 per day and distribution of income more skewed in favor of the rich than anywhere else in the world.
19805- So it may be premature for the Party to celebrate the success of its adaptive strategy.
19806- As long as the system is corrupted from above, and as long as the only way common people can deal with the government is through bribery, says the report, inefficiency will reign and people will cheat each other. The only way to break this vicious circle is to replace the regime.
19807- One oft-heard justification for high asset prices is that real (inflation-adjusted) long-term interest rates are very low.
19808- What this practice entails is that countries negotiate lower tariffs on some types of products but not on others.
19809- Of the world's species, 12% of birds, 24% of mammals, and 30% of fish are either vulnerable or in immediate danger of extinction.
19810- But this idea does not convince everyone.
19811- For the search for law has an irresistible energy.
19812- Whatever path is chosen, in a tragedy tears and death inevitably follow.
19813- Recovery is then costly, in terms of both time and material resources.
19814- Of course, NATO cannot safeguard democracy alone and it is no panacea for our many social and political illnesses; yet it can act (and has already done so during the process of admission) as an incentive for governments and parties to behave responsibly and to abide by the rule of law.
19815- Compatibility of imported rules with existing laws also matters.
19816- For defense, the US created the Department of Homeland Security and is transforming its military.
19817- If not, the UN, NATO and the European Union will discredit themselves as well as the humanitarian values they use to justify their ``humanitarian'' interventions.
19818- States would be wise to weaken sovereignty in order to protect themselves, because they cannot insulate themselves from what goes on elsewhere.
19819- It is also important for us to mobilize state and private lobbying - both in Washington and in other Western capitals - for Russia's participation in the project.
19820- The most recent is a women's collective, the Madres y Abuelas de Plaza de Mayo (Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo).
19821- The pace of change has varied markedly within regions and across cultural sub-groups.
19822- If the Welby case falls on the right side of the line drawn by Roman Catholic doctrine, the deeper question is whether Church doctrine draws the line in a place that makes sense.
19823- By contrast, those who predict generally high real interest rates over the next generation point to low savings rates in the US, high spending driven by demographic burdens in Europe, and feckless governments running chronic deficits and unsustainable fiscal policies.
19824- It is difficult for an international superpower like the US or a regional one like Israel to realize that a group or a people dare to have priorities different from theirs.
19825- It is merely to point out what should be obvious: Israel's efforts to find a unilateral solution to its security problems -- whether occupation, withdrawal, or separation -- have failed.
19826- In the four ministries the Islamists ran, they imposed restrictions on female staff members, triggering widespread protests that ultimately forced the four ministers to resign.
19827- -2.4
19828- A military coup is not the only way to destroy a free society.
19829- Those that did appear generally seem to be based on the assumption that minor fluctuations in construction costs, not massive market swings, drove the modest home price movements that they noted.
19830- There was a time when it was called "Mvita," the Isle of War.
19831- A second, perhaps more important, cause for optimism is the fact that Colombians are more aware than ever that their political institutions are morally bankrupt.
19832- Or it could also mean that economists' baseline model of the international economy -- especially the assumption of "uncovered interest parity," which holds that foreign interest income expressed in the domestic currency should equal the domestic interest rate -- is simply wrong.
19833- On the economic front, the move towards membership would force Turkey to continue to upgrade its institutions and to enhance the rule of law, thus adding long-term institutional stability to Turkey's political institutions, which will in turn help stabilize North Africa and the Middle East.
19834- Simply put, there is such a thing as excessive specialization.
19835- Skeptics have pointed to the limits of Friedman's metaphor.
19836- Even there, you will find a residue of the intellectual sloppiness that the World Bank has displayed on this issue in the past.
19837- My moderate optimism comes from my belief that the US will avoid both a banking crisis and a balance of payments crisis.
19838- First, there was a natural interest in the relationships between organisms.
19839- Are these ties beyond repair, or can they be restored?
19840- Both parties face the same dilemma, and this is precisely my point: that the crisis confronting the left is a deep, fundamental, one.
19841- Folk ideas about heredity are a particularly powerful cultural tool, but they are not unique to pre-modern societies.�Even contemporary science has its own cultural ideologies about heredity, which are often difficult to disentangle from the complex data and high technology that we believe produces objective, value-free glimpses of nature.
19842- But the French Socialists' vote is also important for the European Left.
19843- -2.9
19844- In the past year alone, it has organized or assisted in elections in over 20 countries -- often at decisive moments in their history -- including Afghanistan, Palestine, Iraq, and Burundi.
19845- It also recognizes that the way it restructured Indonesia's banks led to a run on them , that it pursued excessively contractionary policies in East Asia, and that these policies deepened the downturns.
19846- We petitioned Nigeria's Federal High Court last May to review the decision of Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo to grant refugee status to former Liberian President Charles Taylor, who is a fugitive from war crimes charges brought by a United Nations-backed Special Court in Sierra Leone.
19847- But even in Japan, annual deflation has been only about 0.7% since 1998, and was caused by a monetary-policy error unlikely to be repeated.
19848- Currently, all eyes in China are on Hong Kong's upcoming legislative election on September 12, which will indicate to Hong Kong's government and to China's leaders what people think about the pace and direction of reform.
19849- Selection and combination of data is enough.
19850- To avoid contagion from Argentina's financial crisis, the IMF agreed a $30 billion package with Brazil in August designed to stabilize markets and avoid the need for the Central Bank to exhaust Brazil's reserves defending the currency.
19851- After all, good villains sell books--including books about globalization that demonize the IMF.
19852- It cannot simply ship them to Guantanamo Bay or Diego Garcia.
19853- This is why--even at this late moment--more must be done to make the case for war to the public in those countries that are prepared to fight for freedom.
19854- It survived, but was none the less discomforted by it.
19855- Others say the impediment is the entire overgrown public sector and the solution is to cut tax rates.
19856- It provides carrots and sticks.
19857- Total exports doubled in 1991-2001, from US$12 billion to $25 billion, with industrial exports growing from $3 billion to $8 billion.
19858- So long as we celebrate Cervantes, however, perhaps all is not lost.
19859- Only then should the Government pledge a responsible path of budget spending, but not extreme cuts.
19860- But, while everyone else ponders China's motives, its government is acting.
19861- In the Arab region, Saddam manipulated people's sentiments by feeding them an ever-changing diet of secular, Islamist, and nationalist slogans. He crowned these with his call to liberate Palestine "from the river to the sea," that is, the destruction of Israel, outdoing the Palestinian leaders themselves.
19862- Because America is the most powerful nation on earth, it ought to use that power more assertively.
19863- While productivity was accelerating in the US, it was slowing down markedly in the largest EU economies.
19864- Governments remain the major actors in world politics, but they now must share the stage with many more competitors for attention.
19865- For that, you have to be a Nobel laureate or at least the author of a couple of well regarded books.
19866- The attacks against the US occupation are destroying the Iraqi economy as well as lives.
19867- But we would be foolish to think we have seen the last of SARS, and it will take time for scientists to develop diagnostics, treatments, and vaccines.
19868- While free marketers rail against industrial policy, in the US the government actively supports new technologies, and has done so for a long time.
19869- Perhaps unwisely, Yushchenko publicly called for troop withdrawal from Iraq after casualties were sustained.
19870- Wang Quanyan, a senior officer, was taken by a Muslim commander as a concubine.
19871- It is time for the Afghan government to name, shame, and sack corrupt officials, arrest major drug traffickers and opium landlords, and seize their assets.
19872- Banks lend on easy terms to households and businesses that own high-valued stocks, believing that stock market wealth is good collateral.
19873- In allowing so many lives to be blighted through genital mutilation, we degrade ourselves and our world.
19874- international humanitarian law--also known as the laws of war--to which the US is also a party through its ratification of the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and through its acceptance that certain provisions of the First Additional Protocol of 1977 have the status of customary international law that is binding on America as on all other governments.
19875- All of us must help turn Europe's motto "unity in diversity" into a genuine guiding principle.
19876- One way to curtail this problem is to delay full integration of immigrants into the welfare system of a host country for a few years-a reform advocated by the Scientific Advisory Committee to Germany's Federal Finance Ministry.
19877- I vividly remember the slightly ludicrous, slightly risqué, and somewhat distressing predicament in which Western diplomats in Prague found themselves during the Cold War.
19878- Hamas will control the cabinet and prime minister's office, but Mahmoud Abbas retains all authority and power exercised by Yasir Arafat.
19879- This seems to be a more efficient - and politically more stable - form of democracy than the unhappy cohabitation that produces such ugly confrontations in Taiwan, South Korea, and the Philippines.
19880- Of course, Russia is still the second-largest nuclear power in the world, and, as one of the world's leading exporters of oil and gas, it benefits from today's high energy prices.
19881- Yes, 8 May 1945 was a day of liberation to which the Soviet army contributed decisively.
19882- At first sight, these two options may seem similar. They are not.
19883- Every person living in Ukraine is forced to believe in three great falsehoods: the first consists of the assumption that all of today's humiliating disorders - economic collapse, poverty, unemployment - are natural consequences of our postcommunist transition.
19884- We are fighting a war in which the survival of our way of life is at stake.
19885- Yet there is almost no recognition of this basic truth in our governments or our global politics.
19886- Direct talks should concentrate on two parallel tracks.
19887- Mere weeks after the planes hit, Pentagon planners negotiated a return of American troops to Mindanao for the first time since the colonial era.
19888- The China Question
19889- Palestinians have chosen; now the world must do so as well.
19890- Here, indeed, the EU missed a big opportunity to tie enlargement to a daring internal reform that would transform it into a superpower.
19891- In that sense, the metaphor of war - with its emphasis on military force is - misleading.
19892- Power corrupts everywhere, but individuals in China such as Liu have come to form a countervailing force.
19893- On past precedent, the odds ought to be against any dramatic disaster. The EU has confronted many political crises in the past, some much more severe than this one.
19894- A coterie of experts, says the hospital's director, found that Mr. Cao suffers from "paranoid psychosis."
19895- Policies on migrants are becoming increasingly tough, especially in those countries that already had the most restrictive provisions.
19896- In many countries, democratic activists sit in jail because of their commitment to human rights - and little is done to help them.
19897- China is North Korea's most important trading partner, with turnover exceeding $700 million in 2002, up 30% from 2001.
19898- Sadly, then as now, countries never seem to learn from others' mistakes.
19899- By successfully charting its own course, Brazil has created a broad domestic consensus behind a balanced, democratic, market economy.
19900- In India, which is said to have "a strong consensus for weak reform," things are moving far more slowly -- but always forward.
19901- In effect, the report states, he has a monopoly on military spending and imports, apparently a rich source of kickbacks each time he approves a deal.
19902- Only a new European debate that embodies the common action of European citizens and institutions can combat "alter-Europeanism" effectively.
19903- Democracy, every Westerner will tell you, is not founded on what the élite think; it's what the people think that matters - or at least what a contending rabble of rival interests think.
19904- But for its first five years in power, its "Third Way" rhetoric failed to conceal that it was pursuing ultra-liberal center-right policies.
19905- The Ifo business climate indicator is generated every month by asking 7,000 firms, primarily from German manufacturing industry, about their current business situation and their expectations for the next six months.
19906- Even if some Israeli officials are guilty of a crime in encouraging settlements, does that mean that the settlers must be viewed as complicit?
19907- To be sure, contemporary Russia can hardly be called an exemplary democracy, and not all trends are encouraging.
19908- This requires that a more rational strategy be mapped out in the planning of major industrial projects and energy-hungry enterprises.
19909- To many, myself included, NATO's enlargement to take in, among others, the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania -- which were once Soviet republics -- is an impossible dream come true.
19910- If America eliminated these unfair trade barriers, it would buy more energy from Brazil and less from the Middle East.
19911- If anything, the erosion of IHL now stems as much from decisions made in Washington as from the cruelties of militia commanders in West African jungles.
19912- A network of churches--built in the same style throughout Europe--shared a common calendar and liturgy.
19913- But if one thinks in terms of universal norms of human rights, what right has Turkey to dictate internal development in another country?
19914- When a virus has been associated with its host for a very long time, it mutates to a form that grows well without killing its host, which would be a pointless outcome from an evolutionary standpoint.
19915- Although their distribution is not very wide, they are shining in the darkness like daggers, letting their comrades know who is attacking the old, strong castles."
19916- They appeal, above all, to the logic of popular suspicion that perhaps becomes inevitable when a proud nation is suddenly laid low: Pigna, like Lanata, presents a history full of conspiracy, lies, treason, and corruption.
19917- Both the Commission and the euro area countries seem to be hoping that more rapid growth will ease -- and ideally resolve -- the dilemma that reform of the Pact has put before them.
19918- But both organizations need to reach out to these countries, a process that should be seen as the next phase in completing the wider Europe.
19919- One may also wonder whether this president could lead them in another direction, to traditional Republican isolationism.
19920- For example, Professor Jeremy Bulow of Stanford University and I have shown that by endowing the World Bank with $100 billion dollars, it could carry out the tasks that it performs best more effectively and with greater transparency than it does today through borrowing and lending.
19921- Unfortunately, from what we have seen of domestic US policy of late, we cannot be sanguine.
19922- For the first time in human history, human society is undermining the environment at the global scale, through climate change, extinctions, and degraded ecosystems.
19923- In the old Europe, with fragmented financial markets, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's request that Mannesmann remain a German company in the face of a (successful) takeover bid by Vodaphone was tantamount to his following an order by the company's mostly German shareholders.
19924- Had she seen them?
19925- Interruption was also associated with homelessness, intravenous drug use, and alcohol dependence in Hamburg.
19926- The problem with this saying is the paranoid mindset behind it, for it implies that the nature of Russian-US relations has not changed fundamentally since the Cold War's end; that the animosities that exist between the two countries are those of two permanently implacable geopolitical opponents.
19927- Shortly after General Ibrahim Babangida seized power in a coup in 1985, the military government signed a "Memorandum of Understanding" with Shell and other oil companies.
19928- The power of faith-based movements in the US is undeniable, and their influence in other areas where science and politics meet, including the availability of certain drugs -- the so-called "morning after" pill being one example -- is growing.
19929- That was three elections ago. What has kept Blair going?
19930- As university attendance becomes more common, fewer capable young people enter vocational training.
19931- Time to Wait on the Euro
19932- This forced Commissioners to concentrate on their jobs and keep an eye on the all-powerful director-generals and their bureaucracies; there was little time left for "big picture" politics.
19933- We are not witnessing a Copernican revision of the orbits of global diplomacy. For, although a world without treaties and institutions would hurt most other countries more, it would hurt the mighty US as well.
19934- We could do all good things.
19935- Consider Islam.
19936- Like Mexico, East Asia, and Argentina, America's international debts are largely denominated in US dollars.
19937- The IMF, World Bank, and WTO should not only report to, but be dependent upon this new UN reformed structure.
19938- This judgment may be too harsh, because we do not know whether the EU and the single market would have survived without the single currency.
19939- As a result, the issue became the focus of a vigorous campaign by discontented Kuwaitis, who gathered in front of the National Assembly building and in universities to voice their criticisms.
19940- In short, the Lisbon Strategy could lead Europe to become a real power in the coming decades, or it could fuel further growth of Euroskepticism.
19941- Why America Must Not Re-elect President Bush
19942- Indeed, making lists of behaviors, applying medical-sounding labels to people who manifest them, and then using the presence of those behaviors to prove that a person has the illness in question is scientifically meaningless.
19943- Imagine that the British had said that Saddam Hussein was a peace-loving man about to bring democracy to his country.
19944- Elections can lead to illiberal democracies and worse.
19945- US participants represent a country at war in which energies are concentrated on defeating the enemy, "terrorism," whether of the Al Queda or Iraqi variety.
19946- This concept now appears in the toolbox of every economist, is taught in all classes on growth, and serves as a reference in all works on the macro economy.
19947- But this assumes that Iraqi forces are up to the task, and that Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki's government, which rests upon Shiite militia support, can play a competent and evenhanded role.
19948- America's Securities and Exchange Commission's head recognized the problems posed by conflicts of interests in accounting, but his efforts to put in place rules to address the problem met with overwhelming resistance from the industry--until the scandals made change irresistible.
19949- Part of the blame also lies with bad market timing. Many Europeans bought into the US stock market at its peak in 1999 and 2000, only to find themselves selling at steep discounts after the collapse of 2001.
19950- Modern associations allow for participation without absorption. I am a husband and father, a Buddhist, a jazz aficionado, a molecular biologist, a marksman, and a reader of modernist fiction.
19951- For example, the term jihad, commonly translated as "holy war," has become nearly ubiquitous.
19952- At the UN Millennium Summit in September 2000, 180 world leaders pledged to achieve significant advances in the well-being of the world's poor by 2015.
19953- Obsolete dreams of grandeur should not be allowed to interfere with a realistic and fair distribution of power in the international arena.
19954- So, at least at first, there seemed to have been some intention on the government's part to open up the process -- if not completely, then somewhat.
19955- These arrangements apply both to parliament and the executive branch.
19956- From a narrowly British perspective, this might seem a shrewd and reasonable posture for defending British interests.
19957- Growth was caused by the change in the economic environment, a change that Russia made for itself.
19958- An obvious indicator that would meet this purpose is the implicit debt of public pension systems - i.e., the present discounted value of all future pension expenditures under existing legislation.
19959- An earlier set of studies, for instance, showed that aid does make a difference in countries with good governance and sound macro-economic policies.
19960- How much the Chinese know about the inner workings of North Korea's policy-making and power structure, and how much influence they can have, are uncertain.
19961- Eduard Shevardnadze's time had long since past.
19962- Advocates of the Iraq war lacked an understanding of the complexities on the ground to wage an effective war of liberation and democratization.
19963- Germany, Europe, and Russia
19964- Ensuring high-quality education for all children requires an open discussion of educational goals, an international commitment to improving its effectiveness and economic efficiency, recognition of the need to extend secondary education to all children, and acknowledgment of educational diversity and the need to adapt aid policies to local contexts.
19965- The Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), for example, just held its first elections in 40 years.
19966- The New German Problem
19967- It is not only China and India that are growing faster. Central Europe, Central Asia, and the violence-ridden Middle East are growing faster, too.
19968- Cocom provided an opportunity to settle squabbles and plug loopholes quietly.
19969- Indeed, Greenspan's political stances were so thinly disguised as professional wisdom that his tenure exposed the dubiousness of the very notion of an independent central bank and a non-partisan central banker.
19970- For Syria, a peace deal would also include an understanding that Israel's occupation of the Golan Heights is to be settled by serious negotiation, not war.
19971- Or, as the British government insists, will it merely be a declaratory document that only describes rights already existing under national legislation in the member states.
19972- The Gordon Gekkos are predators who take the quick payoff.
19973- Hundreds of destroyed communities are scattered deep in the mountains.
19974- Indeed, the "King Abdul-Aziz Center for National Dialogue" is utterly divorced from domestic realities and serves as a mere propaganda center whose participants believe that they form part of the state's message to the outside world.
19975- As it is, even Roman Abramovich's Sibneft -- potentially the most vulnerable company due to its oligarch ownership and its use of the same tax minimization schemes that were the undoing of Yukos -- merely faces a preliminary claim for back taxes.
19976- The recent international conference in London, aimed at supporting reforms in the Palestinian Authority and shoring up support for renewed negotiations with Israel, is one of those preliminary efforts.
19977- Evita was the wife who would intercede before her husband to defend her "children," the crowds of "descamisados," or shirtless people.
19978- Countries that contribute troops would appear to be siding unequivocally with Israel, thereby losing all credibility with Israel's adversaries.
19979- Of course, official relations between the two countries are marked by much political and economic competition - some of it healthy, some of it a possible harbinger of future strategic rivalry.
19980- After all, Ukraine managed to eliminate its nuclear weapons and reach accommodation over the Black Sea fleet without joining a private economic bloc with Russia.
19981- Those who had been in the resistance-like Václav Havel in Prague-found this hard to take.
19982- In fact, the current AK Party government is the best placed to win the war against al-Qaeda in Turkey.
19983- But did it ever occur to anybody how hard Americans must work to make everyone else look good?
19984- Yet in marked contrast to the smaller nations that half a century earlier had joined France, Italy and Germany in launching the Union's fore-runner, the European Economic Community, the new arrivals are digging in their heels, demanding equal rights.
19985- The delusion is based on two false assumptions: that the Iranians and the Syrians can succeed in Iraq where the US has failed, and that the international community can afford to pay the price of ensuring their cooperation.
19986- Senior US officials publicly vilified the station.
19987- But was there any sign of the standard economic analysis of outsourcing in their stories?
19988- The gains from MDRI debt relief will amount to precious little if low-income countries emerge from their debt burdens only to start the cycle anew by amassing fresh debt.
19989- New Zealand and Ireland followed suit and their economies have been booming ever since.
19990- In Britain, however, the opposite is taking place. The government has set a target according to which 50% of each generation should enter higher education by 2010.
19991- Both leading contenders in the 2007 presidential election, Ségolène Royal and Nicolas Sarkozy, share relative youth (compared to the geriatrics of recent decades) and have their fingers on the pulse of public opinion.
19992- This infuriates China.
19993- But nor do recent positive developments eliminate the need for structural economic reforms.
19994- Lantos knows about moral compasses: as a boy, he was rescued by Raoul Wallenberg from being deported to Auschwitz by the Nazis in Budapest.
19995- Firms do not compete freely for stock market capital; former SOEs, indeed, receive preferential treatment.
19996- Is Bangladesh headed into the black hole that consumed Afghanistan under the Taliban?
19997- Yet the dictatorship in Beijing has made its presence felt, if only through proxies and collaborators.
19998- Foreign ownership of banks was supposed to ensure their stability; it was expected that foreign banks would come to the rescue of their Argentine subsidiaries if they needed money.
19999- To explain what is wrong with the new Bush doctrine, I have to invoke the concept of open society.
20000- Moreover, the overhang of excess capital that accumulated during the crazy high-tech boom of the 1990's has now been mostly worked out. Investment rates have been low for three years in a row.
