Consider the number of clubs that have qualified for the European Champions' League top eight slots.
Estonia did not need to ponder long about the options it faced.
This was due to sound economic policy in the US (starting with the Bush-Mitchell-Foley tax increase of 1990), as well as some extraordinarily good luck in America.
So China's democratic transition may be closer than anyone realizes.
Worse still, the demographic threat is being heightened by the way most countries finance their public pension schemes.
Only under the most biting international criticism and censure did China grudgingly admit that there were 340 cases in Beijing, with over 400 more suspected cases.
The war on terrorism is not a clash of civilizations - Islam versus the West - but a civil war within Islamic civilization between extremists who use violence to enforce their vision and a moderate majority who want things like jobs, education, health care, and dignity as they pursue their faith.
At current carbon prices, the value of carbon sequestration by tropical rainforests likely equals or exceeds the current level of international aid being provided to developing countries.
Fiscal policy should remain largely decentralized, save for a few exceptions;
Rather than relying on sanctions and threats of force, the idea is to underpin long-term prosperity in today's unstable regions.
A year remains before us.
At the same time, we often overlook the health benefits of spending money in ways that have nothing to do with the direct delivery of medical care: education and health, for example, are strongly correlated: the higher the former the better the latter.
South Africa is a notable exception, offering the best prospect for driving regional economic integration, but it, too, has chronic social problems and, compared to East Asia, anemic economic growth.
That will put more pressure on the country's already limited stock of agricultural land.
Europe's Secular Mission
Despite occasional efforts at conservation, rich countries always go back to "business as usual."
Italy has long had a large Communist Party, and the left may be in power again; but there is no gut antagonism to the freedoms that capitalism encourages.
On difficult nuclear issues, such as North Korea and Iran, Bush has pursued multilateral consultation and coordination with other powers.
Such thoughts may seem heretical now, but without heresy there will be no reform.
(To be precise, Nato must treat the applications of all three Baltic countries together.
Indeed, Europeans will only succeed in building the wider Europe if they are open to what is foreign to them.
Excuses, excuses.
Gone is the moderate policy towards China that Chen espoused previously.
Indeed, genital mutilation makes a woman's experience of sex, that taboo of taboos, into a painful, humiliating, punitive procedure.
When will Russians stop being maniac and obsessive about America?
This property, it now seems, could be reclaimed by the state at any moment.
In this instance five key areas of uncertainty and risk exist.
After the political rebellion and lootings of this past February, Bolivia's Catholic bishops made real and consistent efforts to create a harmonious space for dialogue.
With weapons of mass destruction nowhere to be found, the justice of this intervention remains an open question--one that now turns on the coalition's efforts to establish the rudiments of legality in Iraq.
The new members could, of course, benefit from investment pouring in from current EU countries.
As they are economically small, the rest of the EU would barely shudder.
What would an account about evil be like if the author refused to identify himself with either the hero or the victim?
Iraq's political culture - and that of most of the Middle East - is incompatible with the basic components of a recognizable Western-style democracy: notions of individual rights and responsibilities are lacking, the concept of a patriarchal state is deeply rooted, and individual cultural identity is rarely tied to the national community.
The gap between the respective qualities of China's economic and scientific elites, on the one hand, and its ruling political elites, on the other, is simply too monumental -- and still growing -- for stability to be taken for granted.
This history accounts for the type of conservatism practiced by the Christian-Democratic Union (CDU) and Christian-Social Union (CSU), who focus on moderation and balance, preservation and innovation, and on commanding Germany's political center.
His appraisal of his record in office is notably accurate, and stands as a convincing testament to the effectiveness of his leadership.
But it is also more than just a normal country: Germany remains central to holding together the two international institutions that will continue to assure its well-being, the European Union and the Atlantic alliance.
Saddam will cooperate with UN inspectors only as long as the American threat remains, and the US may conclude that it cannot afford that.
At the same time, people's irrational fears and secret desires could not be suppressed.
But that can happen only if the EU regains its confidence and steps into a positive role -- one that it must play with, not against, the US.
It is also dangerous and destructive, and was in large part responsible for Europe's hideous politics in the first half of the 20th century.
America needs profound soul-searching.
America's democracy remains the envy of much of the world, and it is good that the Bush administration now champions the expansion of democracy forcefully.
Call this capital-"c" Conservatism--a philosophy long understood to imply nationalism and vigorous defense of the established and entrenched legal and social order.
This passage is a famous statement of the utility of self-interest.
But Germany revived because the Western occupation forces made clear their intention to let it do so, and helped indigenous forces on their way.
Japan's bilateral trade surplus is nearly the same size as its savings in the US.
To further the Summit's goals, Dr. Gro Harlem Brundtland asked me to head a Commission on Macroeconomics and Health with the aim of charting a path for the world to achieve those MDGs in health and poverty reduction.
He has even done the math: sixty years have indeed passed since the Holocaust ended, five times the actual period of Nazi rule in Germany.
That seems to be happening.
But Europe also found a productive balance between church and state.
So in terms of cross-Straits stability, China can be said to be every bit as provocative as Taiwan, and matters may yet spin out of control if leaders on both sides continue their recklessness.
In fact, the Chechen war would not have lasted as long as it has if it weren't for corrupt generals, officers, clerks, and policemen who sell weapons and supplies to the rebels.
Eventually productivity gains in a larger export sector will drive up real wages and consumption.
This does not mean that we cannot identify honest politicians when we see them.
They also cite investment opportunities in emerging markets, and make the obvious point that if China and India stay on track, their economies' relative weight in the world will double in the next decade or so, as rapid real growth is accompanied by appreciation in their real exchange rates.
One of Monnet's first actions was to declare that modernization could not be attained while the French worked such short hours; a 45-hour working week was the minimum that was necessary.
Second, the international context in which the EU operates is being transformed by the strategic revolution underway in Washington.
This means that the coalition cannot do whatever it wishes with Saddam's henchmen and war criminals.
Assume that the Japanese government financed its deficit partly by printing money rather than borrowing. Some individuals and firms who receive this money might simply hold on to the newly minted yen, but others might choose to spend it on goods and services, thereby stimulating the economy.
The abuses that have been documented at places such as Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo may not have been an inevitable consequence of the administration's legal memos, but surely those memos increased enormously the likelihood that torture would be viewed as acceptable.
Is the democratic tide reversing?
Once the Chinese recognized their place as newcomers, they had to accept that becoming full nationals of the new nation state was a status that needed to be earned.
The biggest costs in Iraq are not for reconstruction but for US troops.
A manicure, carwash, or a massage is often only a stone's throw from one's home.
These superfunds, whose managers do not necessarily share the same passion for profit as private investors, are said to be squeezing the life out of interest rates and exchange rates.
Demographic developments alone require major reforms of social policy.
Popular culture was also important during the Cold War.
Indeed, female participation in the workforce is higher in the US than in the European Union (70% versus 60%).
Old men, unsurprisingly, find it hard to cope with the breakdown of the assumptions that have governed their entire lives.
With that, Hezbollah threw away its political position in Lebanon.
But this does not guarantee that future drops will have a similar outcome.
Eliminating it will not only help farmers and the West as it tries to curtail heroin use, but also Afghanistan's infant government as it struggles to assert its national authority against the warlords.
Deposit insurance creates what economists call "moral hazard," people who are insured against an unpleasant event are not as careful as they would otherwise be in trying to avoid that event.
The problem is a challenge especially for Europe.
In particular, many analyses nowadays promote an ethnic model, reducing Iraq to an artificial construct that rests atop a fragmented "reality" of separate communities.
Many military professionals foresaw this problem.
Some developing countries - Israel, Korea, and Taiwan - also invest heavily in higher education and scientific research. Sadly, Argentina did not.
The threats and opportunities presented by new technologies for developing countries are widely discussed.
Add the open public debt of 67% of GDP to this total, and the result is an overall German debt/GDP ratio of about 340%.
Christian Democrats, and even conservative parties, adopted its tenets.
As output and consumption become more stable, investors do not demand as large a risk premium.
Two of these deserve to be mentioned.
Nor will one side's extremists defeat the other side's extremists.
Similarly, the unfinished reforms in China's banking sector and state-owned enterprises have been used as evidence of state subsidies for dumping activities.
As one of President Clinton's economic advisers during the critical period of America's economic recovery, I feel obligated to point out that circumstances in the US in the early 1990's were unique.
The first unknown is why the election is taking place at all.
This gives them a capital base similar to the combined assets of all the world's major hedge funds.
In fact, the flags of many nations fly alongside German.
One explanation often mentioned points to a lack of support, such as public childcare, for mothers raising children.
Unlike anti-European guerilla war and anti-colonial terrorism in Africa, anti-American and anti-Zionist terrorism in the Middle East has led nowhere.
But the Pope added: "[T]here are many human needs which find no place on the market."
The typical American employer is no longer General Motors.
Such inertia breeds hopelessness, and a nihilist yearning for violence.
The rationale is common to all forms of fundamentalism: this world exists to prepare believers for salvation. The state's role is not to ensure social justice and the rule of law, but to create opportunities - even through coercion - for believers to find salvation.
Like many other tyrants, he seems ready to do anything to extend his 22 years in power, including resorting to violence and rigging elections.
In the current global environment, the case for the strong euro is becoming increasingly apparent.
President Vladimir Putin will visit Ukraine, the scene of his biggest foreign policy blunder, this weekend.
There is a basic law in economics: the sum of the trade surpluses and deficits must add up to zero.
Promoting private insurance may seem an indirect response to the tsunami disaster, but it is a rational -- and powerful -- response.
The problems will only worsen.
Similarly, the journal Science reports that new studies show that ocean levels may rise much more rapidly and precipitously than anticipated.
The old proletariat and the old bourgeoisie are gone.
Yet, as Chinese Deputy Foreign Minister Zhou Wenzhong put it, "Business is business, and China separates business from politics."
Its raison d'être is to overcome national selfishness and to set a good example.
One reason is the set of ill-designed development strategies that the IMF and the World Bank have implemented in the region for nearly half a century.
Demand for low-cost Mexican labor by US employers and the 10-1 wage gap between the two countries pushes 350,000 Mexicans to risk their lives every year for better paid jobs north of the border.
If that silence continues, it will gravely undermine SADC institutions, and will cast a deep pall over the most important leader in SADC, South Africa's President Thabo Mbeki.
Naturally, they declare friendship with Fidel Castro and seek his embrace to prevent old comrades from accusing them of betraying their legacy.
Iran's 1979 revolution did away with the pro-American, undemocratic regime of the Shah, bringing in its place the anti-American, undemocratic regime of the clerics.
Then the European Commission took the idea and translated it into bilateral Stability and Association Agreements, so the original idea - regional reconciliation - got lost.
In the next business cycle, China's banks will be privately owned for the first time since 1949. They will make loans on the basis of commercial criteria rather than relations with big state-owned companies.
A few months after his appointment as premier, Mr. Zhu delivered his "three promises" speech, in which he pledged to make three bold moves to secure a more vibrant, self-sustaining economy.
For many years, commentators have expressed concerns about the culture of doping in elite sport.
European integration was supposed to take care of this by driving decades of rapid economic growth as companies realize continent-wide economies of scale.
But this betrays a profound lack of understanding of the consequences of Ukraine's accession to NATO.
But EID's are not rare at all.
More importantly, to the extent that deflation continues, it would also automatically create greater expectations of inflation - and thus greater stimulus.
(Burundi is an aid-dependent country, so donors have considerable sway in influencing its rulers' behavior.)
For example, when President George W. Bush announced in 2001 that the United States would not fund research into new stem-cell lines that are created from human embryos, he offered the following reason: "Like a snowflake, each of these embryos is unique, with the unique genetic potential of an individual human being."
But the analogy is imperfect.
After all, today's models work.
A broad and violent war in response to the heinous terrorist acts of September 11 would not protect US or global interests.
This was true of Mao's guerrilla war against the Japanese occupation, the Civil War against Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalists, the Korean War against the US, and even the Vietnam War, where China backed the North.
A stable Euro makes stronger cooperation possible and desirable: not only to prevent global financial instability but to avoid the risk of conflicting currency blocs arising.
For years, I have been arguing that national governments should take some simple steps to reframe economic quantities and help the public overcome the money illusion.
This week, America and Singapore ironed out the final stumbling blocks to a bilateral free trade agreement (FTA).
The Cultural Revolution swept up all of China.
France and Germany will now participate directly by helping to train Iraqi security forces.
But with the central bank committed to holding annual inflation to an average of 2.5%, Norway's interest rates are currently among the highest in Europe.
The war in Iraq was misconceived from start to finish - if it has a finish.
They wanted a new "home base" in the Middle East if Saudi Arabia soured.
Hezbollah will keep insisting publicly that it yearns for another confrontation, shout defiance, and claim victory.
To encourage domestic investment, and recognizing that it is difficult to tax assets held abroad, an "exit" tax could also be imposed on capital taken out of the country.
Research conducted in my laboratory on adults reporting histories of childhood sexual abuse provides a solution to this bitter controversy.
"This is where I want to live, but 5% of the way things are run has got to change. They blame everything on the embargo.
For across the Arab world the death of the great 20th century ideologies left behind a general disillusion.
Despite a considerable diversity of views at the outset of the two-year investigation, the Commission reached a strong consensus after examining extensive evidence from around the world.
Since 1980 the ratio of stock market capitalization to GDP soared more than 13-fold, while equity financing rose 16-fold.
They foresee a short war, the rapid collapse of the Baathist regime, and a new beginning for Iraq's people.
America needs to create a Department of Democracy Promotion headed by a Cabinet-level official.
How Independent Is The ECB?
Similarly, it might help to have accounting firms be selected by minority shareholders or paid by the stock exchange, rather than by a company itself.
So 2001 can be a crucial year in the never-ending story of the creation of a new and better Europe.
They have, I believe, lost their way and taken a path that can only lead back to the supremacy of arbitrary power.
We're not being tough enough.
Every large group of humans contains members who deviate from the norm.
But there is a positive alternative: a reformist path leading to the establishment of the rule of law, individual rights, a more robust civil society, and democratization across the Arab world.
Had the letter and spirit of these safeguards been followed, we would not have been in this war at all, or at least not alone.
Meanwhile, once recovery has set in, the huge borrowing demands of the US and Europe will almost certainly drive up real interest rates globally, posing new problems for the world's emerging markets.
The participants in those events included the "Plumbers," a personal secret police established by Nixon and so named because one of their tasks was to eliminate leaks of information that the White House did not want to disclose.
But by IMF logic, all you see in the accounts is increased expenditure and borrowing, not the value of the acquired asset.
But national governments remain reluctant to delegate authority: in November 2004, the European Council accepted qualified majority voting on measures concerning illegal migration, but left restrictions on legal migration subject to unanimity rules, as if legal and illegal migration were not merely two sides of the same coin.
Both countries were signatories of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT, the precursor to today's World Trade Organization) in 1948, but China under Mao subsequently left.
Battered by the Iraqi "oil for food" scandal, which, at the least, demonstrated mismanagement, and misdeeds by officials ranging from former Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers (now High Commissioner for Refugees), who faces allegations of sexual harassment, to rapes committed by UN peacekeeping troops in Congo, the UN has a chance to rehabilitate its reputation by managing the relief effort effectively.
Economic Reality Fights Back
Annan himself conceded as much in the speech he gave at the opening of the 60th UN General Assembly.
Now that the international peacekeeping force is to operate nationally, Marshall Fahim must be told to lift his stranglehold on Kabul.
His latest decision was to force France Telecom to pay back with interest a loan granted years ago by the French government, in violation of EU rules on state aid.
Cubans are known for managing humor in the worst situations.
Earlier this month, Mikhail Gorbachev celebrated his 75th birthday with a concert and conference at his foundation in Moscow.
So the stakes are high and patience is running out.
But, while government policies, according to this school, are ineffective, that matters little.
None of this is to suggest that the US and Europe should abide every move by every corrupt dictator.
In any case, sustainable medicine acknowledges that rationing is and always will be a part of any health care system.
We must give up the hope of liberty within an ordered society and market and resign ourselves to that interminable war of all against all of which Hobbes spoke.
The Europeans then agreed that Germany had not had its fair turn at the leadership of a major international organization, and so the choice was a simple one: a German acceptable to America would get the job.
After 1997, Hong Kong's government made doubly sure that legislators' already limited powers to initiate debates, legislation, and amendments to laws were further restricted.
The Return of Tuberculosis
In the "third culture" best seller The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature , Steven Pinker says that we may need to admit a natural scientific basis for what humanists have for centuries called "fate."
Now, it has returned to almost exactly its opening level.
Strong on rhetoric and fueled by a wave of anti-Americanism, that search is nonetheless thin on facts.
The regulatory institutions and behavioral norms that originated in the New Deal and developed during WWII came into full force: social security, a system of unionized labor relations, market regulation.
If, or rather when, the river is dammed, it will help power the cities and factories of coastal China.
In particular, they do not create a liberal order.
For example, people may see an inevitable tradeoff between tough environmental standards and jobs.
Similarly, the "fundamental objectives" of the Union (Article 3) indulge in promises to promote "sustainable" growth, social cohesion and social protection, gender equality, the environment, and consumer protection.
As a result of such findings, MBCT has now been included in the British government's national guidelines for treating recurrent major depression.
In short, regulation tends to distort incentives, stimulating what economists call rent-seeking behavior: the taxi driver and the license official collect unearned premiums (rents) solely because they can exploit their position as insiders, not because they are more productive.
As the center of a global network of production, trade, and finance, the United States surely has the greatest stakes of all in the success of globalization.
Terrorism has existed as a political tool in the Middle East for a long time -- and it has been used not only against Israel or the United States.
Albanian problems now demand homemade Albanian compromises.
What do these two issues have in common?
As for biodiversity, the most important species threatened with extinction today is the human race.
America and Europe share an interest in the success of these efforts, particularly as they seek to diversify energy supplies away from Saudi Arabian and Persian Gulf oil.
These differences matter.
But their future is unknown, as is the fate of future disaster victims.
Moreover, as confrontation with the US intensifies, Washington will probably act to forestall any trend toward the unification of EU foreign and defense policy.
And they will leave the new Iraqi government at the mercy of forces that would eventually pull the country apart.
Unlike America, when the country faced an electricity crisis, it didn't blithely sit by, saying let market forces (which in the US, meant market manipulation by Enron and others) "handle" the matter; rather, the government came in with strong actions.
The EU's Next Frontier
Presenting Iran with these alternatives presupposes that the West does not fear rising oil and gas prices.
But there are strong vested interests in upholding the status quo.
Imagine that they were known, and that the individual victims of policy decisions would somehow stare into the faces of decision makers just as if they were being held at gunpoint.
But is it really so different in Europe?
The ruling elite rejects transforming Russia into a junior partner of the US or an unimportant member of the West.
The Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation and Egypt's Dream have also won large segments of the general Arab public with entertainment programs.
Deposits in the branches of American banks in Buenos Aires were to be as safe as deposits in Miami.
Underlying this notion is the paramount position of individual conscience, which carries with it the right of every person to make his or her own decisions on religious matters, without that choice resulting in negative legal consequences.
But classical empires learned not to do it to colonized people.
In the end, the US forced the Japanese to revalue their currency by destroying the international monetary order in August 1971.
As the dominant power in the world, America has a unique responsibility to provide leadership in international cooperation.
For the religious right and the mullahs, he is an agent of America, the great Satan, and has thus betrayed the cause of Islam.
Brazil's economic turnaround may have powerfully positive effects on its neighbors, especially the struggling countries of the Andean region.
It is perceived as a motor of economic growth, but also as a threat to our security and beliefs.
We will not change our course.
Finally, while Europe's left may be boastfully proclaiming in Katrina's wake, "Thank God for our social solidarity," there is considerable doubt even about what "our" actually means.
When ACS decided to expand recently, it opened a new operation in India rather than in Ghana or another African country.
In the 1950's, most of Europe considered the idea of a Union with a single Parliament a pipe dream.
The flaw in this reasoning is that Blair surrendered control of the single currency decision to the Treasury early in his first term, and he has never had the courage or political strength to take it back.
6.0
Even so, Guttierrez's election will have a significant impact on hemispheric geopolitics, particularly on the question of the FTAA.
As Pedro Aspe, a much-admired former finance minister, emphasized to me, NAFTA did give a sudden boost to Mexico's economy at the outset. Labor productivity soared, as Mexicans were forced to adapt to the rules of the US economy in order to compete.
As a result, something new will color the habits of those who govern Ukraine from now on: respect for individuals, which is the ultimate check on the abuse of power.
On the right, Chirac's antagonism toward Sarkozy makes it that another candidate will appear at some point, either Michele Alliot-Marie, the defense minister, or Chirac himself.
-3.2
The extreme poverty of the bottom billion people is shocking, morally intolerable, and dangerous - a breeding ground of disease, terrorism, and violence.
That is why, at Prague, we will invite additional countries to join.
Today, such countries should join together to offer Iran (and others) a deal.
A century later, millions of people are taking Nietzsche's advice to heart.
Kuchma has not suddenly converted to the view that parliamentary democracies are better than presidential ones.
Ralf Dahrendorf thinks that both sides of the Atlantic need to look beyond the trivial and rediscover the common interests and values of the West.
For example, using World Bank data on the depreciation of a number of natural resources at the national level, economists estimate that, although GNP per capita has increased in the Indian sub-continent over the past three decades, wealth per capita has declined somewhat.
The Nordic countries are high-tech leaders; Spain has slashed its unemployment rate by half (it stood at 25% not so long ago); and the new members from Central and Eastern Europe are cruising briskly along a steady catch-up path.
-4.2
Luckily, China's government knows that America's advice to let the renminbi float right now is dangerous--both to China and for the world economy.
As "money talks" in politics, private incentives distort public policy and prevent it from correcting market failures in ways that, in turn, further distort private incentives.
After all this dirt, why aren't more investors voting with their feet?
This is why Europe's mayors call upon European institutions to focus on social cohesion with the same commitment that has been invested until now in asylum and border controls.
The income gaps range from more than seven to one in the latter case to 4.5 to one in the case of Spain and Morocco, 4.3 to one between the US and Mexico, and four to one between Greece and Albania.
Recreating a state-led economy based on natural gas will promote rent-seeking and a lethargic form of corporatism.
Federal health-care spending will grow very rapidly over the next two generations because the things that health care money will be spent on will be increasingly wonderful, and increasingly valued.
To claim otherwise plays into the hands of Hezbollah, Syria, and Iran, which want to define their victory as Hezbollah's survival.
The resulting destruction brought reconciliation between warring Palestinian factions and support for them throughout the Arab world.
Seeking to pre-empt American action, Egypt backed a counter-proposal, the Alexandria Declaration, at an Arab League summit last May, and followed this with President Hosni Mubarak's recent announcement that he will allow opposition candidates to challenge him for the presidency.
In some ways, much less is at stake in building a new democratic community out of the already free and prosperous European countries.
In moving to topple Saddam Hussein's regime, the Bush administration stakes its case on two critical arguments.
One reason is that in post�Mao China, as in the Soviet Union after Stalin's death, physical liquidation of political enemies was ended by reformist leaders dedicated to curtailing past "excesses."
Strong US leadership is required to push the WTO in this direction while avoiding an EU-style future (regulatory overload) or a UN-style future (an irrelevant talking shop).
These differences will hardly break the basic trans-Atlantic alliance built on the foundation of common values and interests. But they will necessarily heighten elements of competition, including competition for Russia.
This is one reason why China has a Taiwan "problem."
Is Putin Self-Destructing?
The second tendency is to believe that culture is somehow static and unchanging.
In the 1980's and 1990's, many European labor unions, in response to rising unemployment, adopted the policy of "work less, work all."
The latest edition of the Pew Global Attitudes Survey shows that favorable opinions of the United States have fallen again in 12 out of 15 countries polled, a sad reflection of a country's loss of image.
Once Khodorkovsky and his ilk sell their stakes to foreign interests and take their money out of Russia, there will be little that can be done.
If the US were then to give just a fraction of the financial saving to Iraq in 2004, there would be plenty of incremental revenues to run the Iraqi Government and to support the recovery of oil production.
Pushed by business, the US negotiated sectoral agreements in telecoms, information technology, and financial services.
Survivors sound the alarm because they know what is at stake.
But stalling only assures that debts will grow, economic normalization is postponed and the final explosion at the end of ACT III even bigger.
The list tells us two things.
In most cases, the forbidden CFC's have been labeled as permitted HFC's (hydrogenfluorocarbons), but labels like "spray paint" and "lubricants" also have been used.
In case of panic, a good policy should help banks that have enough assets to cover their deposits but that can't pay all depositors at the same time because some assets are tied up in real estate or other long-term investments.
One concerned Salman Rushdie's novel The Satanic Verses ; the others were triggered by police insensitivity and white racist marches.
For this reason alone, the IAEA's board must refer Iran to the Security Council for further actions, as required by the agency's charter.
But financial systems do not emerge as a result of their superiority in a particular environment.
But, for some of the world's poorest regions, particularly Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA), a commitment to help may not be enough.
Stalingrad became Volgograd.
But when he came to power, in 1997, he was not able or willing to face down Britain's traditional anti-Europeanism; in particular, he was not prepared to commit his government to eventual Euro membership.
Charles de Gaulle prevailed politically after ending French colonial rule in Algeria.
Now, it will have to deal with a Palestinian society that is armed to the teeth, with poverty rates reaching 70% and unemployment at 35% .
Today's challenges call for such a dynamic use of educational policy.
There is a framework for enhancing aggregate purchasing power, through the creation of SDR's.
CDU/CSU policies are, of course, founded on the idea of individual freedom, but we believe in an individualism tempered by Western culture and the Christian tradition.
For most of our recent history, we saw in Marxism only a philosophy of class struggle.
People who could not afford to send their children to a good school or college now can.
This suggests that there are other, deeper factors that underlie the differences in Chinese and US saving rates -- factors that reflect different life experiences and how these experiences are filtered through the two countries' cultures.
Moreover, a rare syndrome called "psychogenic amnesia" is sometimes confused with traumatic amnesia.
Evidence exists for this thesis.
But fear is a bad counselor.
Worst of all, the election loser, López Obrador, seems willing to throw the country into turmoil rather than accept the constitutional legitimacy of his defeat.
"Ethnic cleansing" meant in most cases persecution and killing.
On the contrary, everyone knows that Lionel Jospin's government pursued a slow, covert process of privatization and liberalization, because such a process is unavoidable in today's global economy.
The problem is that if governments start to amend the draft constitution, the whole thing is liable to unravel.
While these conflicts involve historical grievances, outside actors - particularly Russia - contribute to their lack of resolution, which is essential for successful reform.
This small piece of Russia, with 1 million inhabitants and bordering on the Baltic Sea, is squeezed between Poland and Lithuania, two future members of the EU.
If the Middle East is already at a breaking point, imagine what could happen if competition for Middle East oil intensifies among America, Europe, China, India, Japan, and others.
These standards will provide cover for unfair trade practices.
But this option is all but foreclosed, because union membership or organizing can lead to dismissal, blacklisting, violence, or worse.
In order for HIV/AIDS programs to be effective and sustainable, affected communities must have the freedom to organize and empower themselves.
Well before the riots that marked the World Trade Organization talks in Seattle in 1999, I called for a true "development round" of trade talks to redress the inequities of previous rounds.
The near monopoly of power once enjoyed by sovereign entities is being eroded.
1.2
"She feeds animals and sits in the yard to create the rustic ambiance."
Some speculate that the arrest is really part of a power struggle, with President Hu Jingtao demonstrating his authority against a local power broker who had thwarted national policy.
Similarly, it generates a mentality that allows Europe to ignore the nearly 500,000 victims of Saddam's torture and murder machinery and, motivated by the self-righteousness of the peace movement, to harangue George W. Bush as a warmonger.
The recent election in Italy of a center-left government led by Romano Prodi is a case in point.
In reality, Europe's system typically produces less research, worse students (especially at the doctoral level), and is probably less egalitarian than the US system.
Given the complexion of the US Democratic Party's key constituencies, this is not surprising.
Villanueva was a fugitive from justice and Almeyda knew that he should turn him over to the police.
The important question now is whether today's high asset prices are the result of some such fundamental development, or whether bubbles have formed.
So we must ask the hard question: what should we do first?
Kurdish politicians within the new parliament have good reason to protect these lucrative deals as debate begins over constitutional changes.
But his long rule in his country -- which ends November 1 -- amounts to much more than intemperate remarks, as Wang Gungwu, one of Southeast Asia's leading strategic analysts, suggests.
Indeed, Iraq is reportedly pumping 1-2 million barrels of oil a day rather than the 2-3 million barrels that the country could quickly achieve in peaceful circumstances.
China has also been cooperating constructively with the US and its allies in dealing with North Korea's nuclear capabilities.
Twenty years of the most advanced thinking for mathematical algorithms came from a Soviet empire starved of computing power.
There are 150 local Muslim councillors and eight mayors, slightly fewer than other ethnic minorities, but not alarmingly so.
Across Japan, there is a growing view that some of these policies cannot wait for constitutional amendment.
Likewise, privatization is out of the picture for now.
Israel's government, meanwhile, has gone out of its way to attack Palestinian hard-line groups, causing more death, damage, and bitter feelings.
The Iranian regime then consolidated its mastery of the Shiite network in the Middle East, and now uses this control to further its own interests.
Gore's deeply earnest film plots the relentless, and potentially disastrous, warming of the earth during the industrial era.
What has emerged is an almost unanimous demand that the Tung government publish a detailed draft of the laws for one more round of consultation.
Three Iraqs, Not One
It is in nobody's interest to precipitate a financial crisis in China.
The problem is especially severe in landlocked countries like Mali, Niger, Rwanda, and Malawi, where high transport costs leave villages isolated from markets, and in regions that depend on rainfall rather than river-based irrigation.
It is extremely important that Iraq held elections to a constitutional assembly.
Companies like Toshiba and Sony depended on two regions - Otaku in Tokyo, and Higashi Osaka in Osaka Prefecture -where thousands of manufacturers of precision mechanical and electronic components were clustered.
Vast tracts of prime real estate in cities, sold to officers for a pittance, have turned into mega housing developments.
Indeed, the heads of opposition or investigative journalists can literally be cut off, as happened in the case Georgi Gongadze, whose fate was prefigured in taped recordings on which President Kuchma is heard calling for Gongadze's elimination.
Can such initiatives succeed?
A key concern is the precedent of withdrawal from southern Lebanon in 2000.
One has to be careful in drawing lessons for today.
The loss of parents and family resources has boosted child labor, homelessness, and inclinations towards violence and rebellion.
The problem is how to respond.
In a word, it appears that the Reagan-Thatcher period is over.
Competition policy is the European Union's biggest success. The reason is simple: decisions in this area have been removed from the jurisdiction of individual nations, thus making them more difficult to influence.
Indeed, the problem today is not excessive capital inflows; international markets have largely turned against emerging markets.
After all, as the London and Madrid bombings demonstrated, a cell phone is all that is needed to time an explosion -- or a series of explosions -- with deadly efficiency.
Nevertheless, we should remember the lessons of history.
Sixteen political leaders and former diplomats combined principle with political realism to produce the most comprehensive proposals for change since the UN was created in 1945.
Police actions must be merciless, even if this means more controls and surveillance.
Fruit fly genes are surprisingly similar to ours--as they are to those of most other creatures. Even many aspects of their behavior resemble our own.
Speedy change means that the constellation of political interests mutates faster than anyone can sense.
Those sites that do offer such testing find it much more difficult to diagnose TB among patients infected with both diseases, because current diagnostic tests fail to detect active TB in 60-80 % of people with HIV/AIDS.
For rare animals with specific reproduction sites, like marine turtles, the tsunami's effects could spell extinction.
This is a truly bourgeois revolution.
The Cuban Conference of Bishops followed by demanding clemency for the prisoners.
But laws enacted for this reason could lose their signaling power when a financial crisis hits.
Without political reforms, China's confidence in herself will quickly turn into disillusion, or even delusion.
They projected that developing countries would enter the Kyoto framework at some point, and would trade their rights to emit CO2 and other greenhouse gases to the United States and Europe in return for development aid.
Daniel Bell and Raymond Aron wrote about the end of fascist and communist ideology in the hope that we would enter an age of pragmatism in which politics would be a subject of argument and debate, not belief and total worldviews.
This is why almost every advanced country has mandatory social security and health insurance programs.
The conference should follow up on a resolution by the European Parliament to consider whether Afghanistan should become one of the countries licensed to produce opium for medical purposes.
Argentina was always at the point of taking off, always at the door of greatness.
Enlargement of monetary union will increase the relative number of national central bank chiefs on the Governing Council. Each entrant will add one member, while the number of officials from the ECB's headquarters in Frankfurt will remain fixed at six.
Should China's ruling party still call itself Communist?
Poor people with little education choose high fertility rates and thus low quality children.
It must transform itself into something like the Social Christian or Christian Democratic parties that exist in Costa Rica, Chile, Venezuela, and Peru.
Targets depicting serial killers and drug dealers have mottos like "Save a woman" or "Save a boy" on them.
As a result, the "generational contract" looks less and less viable, because we can no longer rely on today's workers to pay for today's pensioners.
Moreover, the country's continuing high levels of fixed-asset investment make sense -- building roads, water pipes, metro systems, telecommunication networks, and electronics factories is what a vast and rapidly modernizing country must do.
The lesson for new member countries from the East is clear: once you are in the Union, the outside pressure to reform decreases: the impetus to reform must be found at home.
Mr. Olechowski, despite his success was, after the elections, totally neglected by the Union of Freedom (with which he was supposed to be very close) and by the Solidarity right.
Some of the US counties with a high proportion of vacation homes are seeing price increases that rival, if not outstrip, the booming metropolitan areas.
The result might be a longer stay within the new ERM, but without the crises that the original eurozone members suffered.
This is a tragic mistake, one that results from a misunderstanding of the challenges facing Africa and of America's responsibilities.
It is not only America's enduring willingness to use her unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest; nor the other familiar phenomenon that American administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism.
America wants the world to pledge billions of dollars to Iraq's reconstruction at a donor's meeting to be held in October in Madrid.
Who jailed their organizers?
However flawed the electoral process in Iran undoubtedly was, no one, including its tired and discouraged reform-minded opposition, doubts that 18 million people have voted, in the words of the new president, against democracy and for a return to the Islamic revolution.
The successes in Afghanistan call for an equally nuanced and sophisticated approach in regard to Iraq.
The 20th century was a tragedy for Europe.
This effort, known as the UN Millennium Project, will issue its report to Secretary-General Annan on January 17, 2005.
As The Economist commented about Rumsfeld's speech, "until recently he plainly regarded such a focus on ‘soft power' as, well, soft -- part of ‘Old Europe's' appeasement of terrorism."
But they surely will start to pay off in the next ten.
Ukraine is wracked by the biggest protests seen since communism's collapse over a decade ago.
European countries may stipulate other terms.
For a half-century, reformers explain, Arab nationalist regimes have been a disaster, creating societies and economies that rank low by every statistical measure of development, while leading their countries into countless costly but fruitless wars and crises.
Russian reform will be impeded, not nurtured, by turning a blind eye to political and economic aggression.
Criticizing Japan's silence need not undermine the Japanese-US strategic alliance.
For this we need good strategic assessments of intelligence.
But a "No" will not mean the French electorate has turned its back on Europe.
To be sure, more incidents of global terrorism associated with Pakistan, such as July's London bombings, will bring new pressures.
For better or for worse, the government now has ample opportunity to enact its desired reforms, possibly including constitutional changes.
This mental turnaround is, indeed, essential if things are to improve, because the situation in Iraq represents, above all, a defeat of America's unilateralist orientation.
The members of the Beghal network in France were roughly one-third converts.
Kashmir has divided the two countries since the partition of British India, when a Hindu monarch, Maharaja Hari Singh, ruling over a predominantly Muslim population, acceded to India.
His challenge will be to resist the temptation to seek short-term popularity, recognizing instead that China's stock market must endure short-term pain to win long-term gains.
-3.1
It is favoring one worldview, secularism, over another worldview, religiosity, masquerading as neutrality.
The horrible truth is that failure to eradicate the root causes of terrorism is almost certain to extend the Age of Terrorism, it is not clear that they really can be eradicated.
A number of worrying factors about the US economy have been around for a long time:
To this end, the US has a vital stake in the EU's coming of age as an international actor.
If there were no crimes, then the Nazis were not criminals.
Piecemeal deregulation is doomed to fail.
This is relevant for the current debate about reforms in many democratic countries.
For this group, the only logical policy is to "ride out the storm" by ending policies which increase anger and frustration, and improving intelligence and defenses.
Most European leaders understand the tiny wiggle room that Kerry will have if elected.
Will a President Kerry really be able to rally allies to America's side?
The real-estate boom appears to be cooling.
Similarly, many company bosses know that pretending that climate problems do not exist is bad for shareholders, because reality will one day strike.
Last year, Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah, worried by Shi'a expansionism, was persuaded by Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the head of his National Security Council, to coordinate policy with Israel to counter Iran's growing influence.
The UN can be a much more effective instrument if its member states in the General Assembly and the Security Council are better organized and give clearer directives to us in the Secretariat -- along with the flexibility to carry them out -- and then hold us clearly accountable.
Integration of immigrants makes much sense; but it is desirable to help create sustainable conditions in troubled countries with the help of a generation of emigrants who first transfer resources and then return themselves.
As a result of the Lamfalussy report, not only was the legislative process improved, but an important institutional status was conferred upon the Committee of European Securities Regulators.
-2.6
Iran's quarreling and competing leaders have decided, by their acts, to reject the offer by Europe and the United States of a nuclear reactor, aircraft spare parts, economic cooperation, and more in exchange for giving up uranium enrichment.
This was partly because the EU was not as generous toward its newest members as it had been toward new members in the past.
Faced with a balance-of-payments surplus -- largely thanks to high oil prices -- the RCB's 2005 Monetary Program fudges: reducing inflation is a priority, but so is exchange-rate targeting in order to support growth.
Guilt represents a debt. The proper response to such a debt is to suffer punishment or to pay reparations to the victims.
Between 1990 and 2000, financing for environmental concerns followed roughly the same path as overall development assistance flows: it stagnated.
This year it has taken no action to support the falling dollar.
Like previous host countries, the Philippines is a weak state, at peace with its neighbors and the West.
Even in the self-confident Ottoman Empire, where Jews and Christians enjoyed considerable tolerance, followers of these religions were second-class citizens.
Mao famously said: "No need to apologize.
Expect more of the same in 2004, when the current account deficit should reach 5.1% of GDP, despite forecasts that the US economy will grow significantly faster than most of its trading partners.
What is distinctive about the recent mass protests against US plans for a war against Iraq is that the February 15 event was planned ahead of time, at short notice, for a specific date, and with an explicit goal of worldwide scale.
Inequality in the distribution of talent across countries would rise, even if total world output of goods and services, and their average quality, improved, as with football today.
Forty-four Huji members were arrested, two of whom claimed to have been sent from South Africa and Pakistan by Osama Bin Laden to distribute money to the extremist madrassas.
More recently, elections in the post-communist countries of Europe have brought groups to power whose democratic credentials are dubious, to say the least.
But they are necessary. Pol Pot died in 1998, but aging senior associates like "Brother Number Two" Nuon Chea and ex-Khmer Rouge president Khieu Samphan live freely in Cambodia.
"This affair was not as complicated as people made it out to be later," he said.
What goes for wages also goes for other distribution costs.
Greece and Turkey have signed eighteen mutually beneficial agreements in areas ranging from trade and energy, to environmental protection and the fight against organized crime.
They are likely to place much greater emphasis on consumer lending, especially mortgages and credit cards.
Capitalism with Chinese Characteristics
Any open rupture will weaken the hands of the reformers who want to have close ties with the West and the US.
If the attacks widen beyond the three southernmost provinces of Yala, Pattani, and Narathiwat, Thaksin's regional leadership chances will be dimmed.
They feel the threat acutely and act accordingly, often dominating their country's political process.
Russia began 2006 by cutting off natural gas exports to Ukraine after its government refused to pay a fourfold increase in the subsidized price.
The Bush administration's flip-flops and missteps are legion.
But the flip side of the trade surplus is the capital outflow.
Wherever one looks, using Marshall's toolkit, one sees economic equilibrium pulling things back to normal, compensating for and attenuating the effects of shocks and disturbances.
Although much depends on greater regional investment in increasing export capacity, further Chinese investment in the region would most likely follow.
The clear losers are young workers, and the future generations who will face the high tax burdens necessary to pay retirees their promised benefits.
This is a proposal whose time has come because the world economy is hovering on the brink of deflation.
For both, early death elevated their stature in the alchemy of history.
Does it matter whether this claim was strictly true or not?
Unfortunately, the answer to all these questions is yes.
Second, the subject for negotiations is unclear, because Putin has ruled out Chechen independence, and surrender by the separatists is just as unlikely.
Both passenger and conductor profit.
In fact, estimates of potential migration flows from East to West are relatively small.
Only when elected representatives deal with the day-to-day issues that face their people can they begin to tackle external negotiations.
Public diplomacy, by contrast, involves building long-term relationships.
Fossil remains and genetic data suggest that modern humans come from Africa, and in the last decade anthropologists, archaeologists, linguists, and other scientists have tended to identify our species' biological origin with the origin of modern intelligence.
Cubans don't think it is.
The chemical inhibitors used in this treatment target the enzyme polymerase (PARP1), which is normally involved in the repair of DNA single-strand breaks -- a common form of spontaneous DNA lesions.
The most contentious issue, however, has been prime ministerial visits to the Yasukuni Shrine, and, until Abe's visit, China had been reluctant to engage in any summit meetings with Japan so long as such visits continue.
Encouraged by this change the BNP's junior coalition partner, Jamaat-e-Islami, which has links with the militias and remains close to Pakistan, has been calling for imposition of Sharia (Islamic law).
As harsh Israeli actions fail to deter Palestinians, Israel seems to raise the stakes, hoping that even harsher, more inhuman acts might bring the Palestinians to heel.
Unlike in the heyday of liberalism, money from the world's rich countries simply is not going to give peripheral economies the priceless gift of rapid, successful development.
To survive, many North Koreans forage for edible roots and leaves and make soups from cabbage stalks and vegetable waste.
Their future is further clouded by the fact that the United States and the European Union will phase out their apparel quotas next year, potentially reducing quota-hopping investment in South Africa and the broader region.
Consider the following three scenarios.
But in other cases, opposition to America's preferences is wrought by public sentiment and goes against the instincts of leaders who know better.
Obasanjo's election marked the return of civilian rule.
It seems repression does not work; either that or I'm very stubborn."
One particular worry is that euro-zone money supply is well above the ECB's benchmark level, indicating an excess supply of liquidity.
But her adoption of a boy from Malawi whose mother had died and whose farmer father could not feed him has filled opinion pages in serious papers everywhere.
Whatever the potential for a leftward shift this year in some Latin American countries, others, including Mexico, Chile, and Brazil, are clearly less vulnerable to the type of populist rule we've seen in Venezuela and Bolivia.
The second option, universal access, would require an unprecedented level of social assistance for the poor, and extraordinarily difficult decisions about what to subsidize.
On the contrary, public opinion polls show that citizens remain highly patriotic and optimistic about their personal lives.
Rubin's recognition that the world is a complicated, poorly-understood place, where lots of unexpected and surprising things happen--and where we cannot merely consult some map drawn by John Maynard Keynes or Milton Friedman or some neo-conservative pundit--seems to have been the most powerful of his secret weapons.
First, success and failure in achieving sustained economic growth appear to be concentrated in time and space.
The improved image of Russia's legal system is in tatters.
Austria
Piling more debt onto Iraq's already huge obligations will only make matters worse.
murdering about 100,000 Kurds during the "Anfal" campaign between February and September 1988, mainly by transporting the victims to a desert area where they were forced into trenches, machine-gunned, and then covered with sand by bulldozers;
Iran claims that as a party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, it has the right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes.
Now China's communist rulers find themselves trapped in a bind. If they back Tung unconditionally for the rest of his term, they can look forward to the collapse of their long-term strategy to re-absorb Taiwan, for the alternative to peaceful reunification with Taiwan is coercion.
The acceleration of US economic growth in the late 1990's posed a puzzle for those of us who looked across the Atlantic at Western Europe: where was Europe's "new economy"?
Outside interference should always be avoided in situations such as this.
Until a year ago, when I left a professorship at Harvard University to become the Fund's chief economist, I was a vocal, if perhaps not vitriolic, critic of the IMF's management of the international monetary system.
But we do not fear trees. We do not fear their retaliation.
Nor are there any signs of America's economic hegemony starting to fold under the weight of maintaining its unilateral military dominance.
This, however, masks huge differences.
The threat is more apparent than real -- for now.
Most importantly, they inherited from the Soviet era bloated and inefficient public sectors, which they are finding hard to downsize and professionalize.
Poor countries, especially the democracies of the developing world--Brazil, South Africa, India, Mexico, Ghana, the Philippines--should say, "We need to act on the issues that concern us, not just on the issues that concern the US."
Early retirement policies everywhere stand in clear need of reform.
The most extreme current case is Serbia, where a big part of the electorate gave their votes to men standing trial for war crimes in The Hague.
Inflation futures appear to be gaining hold in part because the new contract is traded on an efficient electronic market (the Globex system) that allows futures contracts to get going without the initial splash that is required by open-outcry pit-based futures markets.
Here the case of Bogotá is telling, for amid all the national bleakness, the capital has witnessed real progress.
Indeed, Jean Halloran of the anti-biotech group Consumers International characterized Codex standards as a legal defense against WTO challenges to countries that arbitrarily interfere with trade in biotech foods.
Soon after, our office workers were detained, and Hailu Shawel, Chairman of the CUD, and senior CUD official Lidetu Ayalew were put under house arrest.
Many of history's leading scientists and mathematicians have analyzed the phenomenon: da Vinci, Kepler, Descartes, to name but a few.
During the 2004 Asia Nations Cup final, which pitted China against Japan, Chinese supporters wore 1930's-style Japanese military uniforms to express their hostility to the Japanese team. Other Chinese fans brandished placards with the number "300,000" written on it, a reference to the number of Chinese murdered by the Japanese army in 1937.
Many of these innovations, I believe, can be reproduced in other large cities as well.
As we cross even more profound cultural boundaries, comparisons become still less relevant.
Official definitions of terrorism are unpersuasive.
The budget deficit is again out of control, and well over the 3%-of-GDP Maastricht ceiling.
Eighteen people were killed, among them five children.
It recently refused to purchase the full number of Airbus troop transport planes that it had promised to buy.
This approach would automatically take account of different growth rates and give countries a powerful incentive to run surpluses in good times in order to increase the scope for maneuver in bad times.
They are intrinsically time-bound attempts to come to terms with issues, and they should be allowed to run their course if they are based on deliberations by elected majorities of representatives.
But more than magnanimous sentiments are needed if peace is to come to Kashmir.
When a country reaches the point that it needs all its exports to service its national debt, and the size of the export sector is fixed, nothing is left to pay for imports.
The problem for the regime is that the springs that nourish fanaticism will not be dammed by such exemplary punishment.
In this context, there is widespread rejection of the fundamentalists' use of the term. 
Churning this turmoil into frenzy is the illegal drug trade.
Many European politicians who have sought to see the situation on the ground have been barred in recent years.
The Arab world faces serious problems that can only be met by more flexible, democratic political systems.
More debtors would be able to repay their loans, which might lead the banks to lend more.
Perhaps this steepening of the location gradient could be delayed for a decade if we were willing to shift to denser residential patterns.
A revised version of the directive that reduces its sectoral scope and makes a number of compromises with the country-of-origin principle is now before the European Parliament.
At the beginning of December, party members and supporters voted overwhelmingly in favor of the treaty.
One key reason must be the historical experience of the Sinhalese.
Some of the worst performers among the major countries are Israel (a beleaguered country, with real per capita GDP up only 2% between 2000 and 2004) and Argentina (hit by a terrible financial crisis in 2001-2, up only 9% between 2000 and 2004).
The small community of Iraqi experts was put under a harsh security regime.
Spain
Lahoud's absence is not surprising, as the discussions deal with the fate of his illegal presidency and how to break the deadlock that his continuance in office has imposed on the country.
Moreover, the Bush administration combined its policies with an extraordinary reluctance to veto anything coming out of Congress, and, after the year or two that it took for this to become obvious, an inability to restrain Congress at all.
They're the ones who are subhuman.
Indeed, when Russians are asked to list the most important people of the twentieth century, Stalin is still tied for first place -- with Lenin.
I would love to pin the blame for all this on Bush and his team. But that would ignore that Bush was playing to a receptive audience.
The justification of self-defense comes readily to the lips of both paranoids and those who reasonably wish to defend themselves against imminent attack.
Crowds may not.
Other options, however, do exist and a combination of them could help bring down Saddam without necessarily engaging in outright military action.
There is now justifiable outrage, and a call for sanctions is heard everywhere.
This has numerous implications for relations with employees.
Commerce Secretary Don Evans is also an oil-company CEO.
Germany has been determined, together with France and Britain, to get Iran to stop uranium enrichment through incentives and negotiation.
Other leaders have proved the same point.
A French Presidential Primer
For example, in all of the debates on the EU's constitutional treaty, neither its supporters nor its opponents have so much as mentioned the Lisbon Strategy.
The most delicate issues are those raised by the Investment Services Directive, on which only a majority of member states have reached a common position.
Working life needs to be lengthened, public pensions are often too generous, labor markets too rigid.
There is no better place to begin than with countries refusing to join the UNEP Convention or kowtow to its ban on DDT use.
Myanmar has already paid an extremely high price for its isolation.
Sequence data, whether from proteins or nucleic acids, are well suited to computer processing because they are easily digitized and broken down into their constituent units.
Projecting stability and security in these countries is the next logical step in building a Europe "whole and free" and securing the Euro-Atlantic community's eastern frontier with the Middle East.
Formerly, the state decided everything, and many people, particularly in the middle and older generation, began to see freedom as a burden, because it entailed continuous decision-making.
But acknowledging the East Europeans' dilemma is in no way to forgive Chirac's arrogant blow against the unity of the Continent as a whole.
This would truly be the end of ideology at last, were it not for the new challenges arising from the temptations of various kinds of fundamentalism.
America Wakes Up to Climate Change
Indeed, the role of the state is made more complicated by the fact that market regulation is becoming less national and more transnational.
One is "institutional conditionality:" only governments that show serious progress in reducing inefficiency, robbery of public property and corruption, should receive aid.
The international financial system is broken down in the sense that it fails to provide adequate capital to countries that need it most and qualify for it.
Only through this process will Serbia be able to rejoin the ranks of free and healthy European nations.
But the poisoned atmosphere that followed the UN debates on Iraq may prevent the US from getting its way here.
Many in the Bush Administration argue that aggressive policies toward Iraq can ultimately bring down autocratic governments in the Middle East the same way that the Reagan Administration supposedly brought down the "evil" Soviet empire.
Imagine that the Olympic Committee represented only the interests of gold medal winners, or that the Education Ministry represented only post-doctoral programs but ignored elementary schools.
Of course, the legitimacy of the government or other policymaking body will determine what is possible in economic policymaking.
The overlap between the end of the accession process and heated discussions about the new European Constitution played into the hands of the opposition.
Yet, although some of the Kremlin's moves seem clear and reasonable, others can scarcely be described as rational or forward-looking.
In the future, especially without Sistani, who is 74 years old, the new regime could turn into a dictatorship.
Putin is swiftly eroding the great authority he built up during his first term.
Instead, a populist-nationalist revolution might resemble the attempt to overthrow Mikhail Gorbachev in August 1991, or a Russian version of Ukraine's Orange Revolution.
This is not to say that wage insurance is a bad idea, or that it should not be implemented on a wider scale.
This should be matched by the creation of "supply capacities" in developing countries, which requires production and trade sector policies that encourage structural transformation.
Even the venerable Congress party - which led India's struggle for independence - manipulates religious, communal and caste rivalries so as to boost its chances of forming government.
Second, with rare exceptions, there is no international police force that can assist a defending nation.
But most importantly, European integration must not only define institutions and policies, but it must also galvanise ideas.
Of course, there is a big hole in the Dow 36,000 logic.
The problem is that, although Africa's economic appeal is increasing, India and China are improving more quickly, widening the gap.
Mahmoud Abbas, Arafat's longtime deputy and the architect of the Oslo accords, quickly secured the backing of Fatah, the PLO's core body.
"It should not be left to gays alone to fight for gay rights, because we are talking about fundamental violations of justice," Attafuah said.
Of course, it is important that Russia becomes less dependent on energy exports.
The same is true of all games played at the final tournament, not only those among the top eight national teams.
The monarchy was overthrown in 1952 without violence, and for 250 years Egypt has shown itself capable of producing both radical and reformist political trends.
But even as evidence for such abuses becomes apparent, new venues for abuse are repeatedly opened up - take the US repeal of the Glass Steagall Act, which separated commercial from investment banking.
It would also provide Afghan peasants, who have been growing poppy despite forced eradication of the plant and incentives to change crops, with an option that is regulated by law and that, in time, could have an impact on the heroin trade.
Russia is, in fact, the main provider of energy insecurity in Europe.
But this does not hold true in all countries or all age groups, so other factors must be influential, too.
In 2002, the Hartz Commission recommended a version of it in Germany.
There are countless other possibilities.
Neutrality prevented them from becoming candidates so long as the Soviet Union existed.
Far from disappearing, the repressed are returning from underground in grotesque forms to haunt the world they grew up in.
The days and nights ahead will be difficult, and the secret presence of Russian troops will make them all the more dangerous.
Of course, Japan did occupy China, committed unimaginable savagery, and has since paid no reparations or apologized in a convincing way.
In the end, the Committee on Scientific Dishonesty was itself reorganized.
The final outcome of this sad episode is yet to be told.
It is important that we secure efficient institutions and decision procedures.
For example, interventions by the Bundesbank were more or less symmetrical, meaning that it intervened both when the dollar was very strong and when the dollar was very weak.
Few other areas in the world have been deemed an "economic miracle" for so long.
Yet the IMF was still lobbying to change its charter in order to force countries to liberalize their capital markets, ignoring the evidence that this did not lead to enhanced growth or more investment, but only to more instability.
In an era of evaporated pensions and benefits for the rank and file, piggish pay packets for CEO's have led a cynical public to wonder where big business has gone wrong.
His network was dispersed throughout the world and had been attacking American interests for years.
Freeing up capital flows had an inexorable logic -- or so it seemed. Developing nations, the argument went, have plenty of investment opportunities, but are short of savings.
Despite the importance of Cyprus, it is the possible war with Iraq that poses the most severe test of the delicate balance that now exists between Turkey's conservative old guard and the more liberal reformers within the ruling Justice and Development Party.
There have also been reports, more often on the Internet than in the press, about despairing Lebanese doctors, who, not recognizing the wounds patients have sustained after Israeli air strikes, have described what they see and asked colleagues around the world for help.
This is particularly true when their objective is to establish an "alternative" to American leadership in security policy.
During the 1990's, private investors looked at big, lumbering central banks as cash cows, long on money and short on financial acumen.
Eight of the new members are former Communist countries that were locked behind the Iron Curtain for nearly half a century.
Later, Phelps developed a long-term growth theory based on education and technical advances.
Surely a more competent administration would be worried about addressing these more severe and urgent fiscal problems.
Global warming is a case in point.
Indeed, stock prices doubled compared to profits.
But where do these differences in attitude toward fundamental issues like inequality come from?
What this distinct contribution could be is not difficult to define.
Moreover, the economy-wide productivity gap between the US and Western Europe does not appear to be widening very rapidly, if at all.
It is not surprising that the triumph of the PC seemed to be accompanied by a revival of the nineteenth-century vision of classical liberalism and individualism.
Indeed, many opposition groups engaged in dirty tricks.
Most dramatically, more Mexicans than ever before are risking their lives and paying up to $3,000 to enter the "promised land."
Like the Clintons, the Kirchners knew from early on in their marriage that they wanted to reach the top, and the best way to do it, they concluded, was together.
Nevertheless, electricity usage has reached near-record levels.
Argentina achieved per capita economic growth of just 0.5% during 1980-1998, while Korea grew at a rate of 6.2% per year, fueled by its high-technology exports.
The only scenario in which there could be a strong, purely economic case for Euro membership is one in which the Euro-zone is doing very well, the British economy is doing very badly, and membership looks like the best way to deliver long-term recovery.
These initial considerations cover only a small range of the conceivable environmental effects of the Iraq war.
A half-century of working together, plus a decade and a half of adapting to new threats and demands, is paying off.
Worse yet, markets will be carved up for political, not commercial, reasons, locking in inefficiencies.
Iranians yearn for reform, reflected in President Khatami's two landslide electoral victories.
Sometimes the RCB acted as the government's banker, providing liquidity without considering the financial markets; at other times, it focused on the financial markets, providing liquidity to banks.
That issue and the unresolved Palestine-Israel debacle are holding off immediate action.
Dr. Khan's televised confession and acceptance of sole responsibility for proliferation activities has done nothing to reduced suspicion that there is more here than meets the eye, and of the Pakistani military's complicity in proliferation.
They must be embedded in a much more complex institutional framework, which I would describe as the liberal order.
Some measures -- unauthorized searches of bank records and wiretapping of telephone calls -- compromise the liberty of all.
Such a pattern is a formula for endless conflict and endless defeat.
Nonetheless, there is a creeping perception that the OSCE is becoming too deeply engaged in picking winners and losers in Albanian politics - a perception underpinned by wider questions of sovereignty.
"Arkan," the leader of the most murderous paramilitary group in the wars in Bosnia and Kosovo, and a political power even after Milosevic's fall, was murdered in Belgrade last year.
As these examples suggest, today's information age has been marked by the growing role of non-governmental organizations (NGO's) on the international stage.
But there are far more important issues -- above all, freedom of speech, including the freedom to say and write things that annoy, even upset, many.
Indeed, this year's annual session of the Academy of Military Sciences saw army commanders and military theorists try to prove that a future source of conflict will be America's desire to control the world's oil-rich regions.
No one should doubt that Kuchma intends to stay in power, no matter what.
All forecasts, after all, turn out to be wrong in at least one vital dimension.
If, however, such advantages were dramatic and mainly determined by biological change, we should expect to find them reflected in the material culture produced by these early, anatomically modern populations.
How much restraint is justified?
But, if we're ready to rush the pandemic strain into an emergency program to manufacture vaccine, we could possibly blunt the second wave.
After a long winter and a non-existent spring, summer started promptly with the first kick-off -- and virtually overnight, Germany has flaunted its sunniest and most delightful side.
As already proposed by the Convention, this would mean separating constitutional matters per se from Union policy.
Two weeks ago, North Korea declared that in June it successfully reprocessed some 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods and now possesses "nuclear deterrence," suggesting that Kim Jong Il's regime may actually be making atomic bombs.
Furthermore, the degree of rigidity in inter-ethnic negotiations since the rise to power of the Bandaranaike family (of which the current President is a member) was accompanied by a series of ideological struggles among Sinhalese politicians, not least those led by various socialist and communist parties.
Lethality has been increasing.
But many within Moscow's political elite still consider Belarus an integral part of Russia, which it was -- with only short interruptions -- since 1795.
In writing to Merkel, he is addressing the leader of a country decimated by Nazi rule -- millions dead, an entire society and economy reduced to rubble.
It results in mass unemployment that is inefficient and financially unsustainable.
There are a number of qualities that must be understood if integration is to continue to build an ever more open Europe.
Monnet's effort to rebuild France by mobilizing business, unions and government authorities at all levels mutated into France's "Great Organizational Myth"- the idea that technocrats can allocate resources better than the market.
We recognize, of course, that few of even the most fervent supporters of European integration want to help Ukraine quickly become a member.
They saved the banking systems, modernized telecommunications networks, rebuilt ailing industries, raised the quality of goods, and undermined the cozy vested interests that had robbed ordinary citizens for decades.
It must be distributed to the needy rather than favoring the elite - a tendency established in the past.
The IMF is absolutely right to remind ministers each April of downside risks.
In second place is The Myths of Argentine History, Volume One .
Auschwitz did not occur in a vacuum. It was the furthest extreme of a disaster that incorporated all these other events.
As Walid Jumblatt, the Lebanese Druze leader said, "It's strange for me to say it, but this process of change has started because of the American invasion of Iraq."
What's appealing about that?
A trip I took to a village in the Tigre region in northern Ethiopia shows why.
Yet with the richest countries richer than ever before, and with much of the developing world already escaped from the horrors of extreme poverty, the balance has shifted in favor of ending global poverty.
Smart politicians understood that the balance of political costs and benefits had shifted dramatically, and they changed gears fast.
The question is whether future American military missions will replicate those of the past five years. 
In a new, unstable century, the relationship between Europe and America is more important than ever.
But in most cases, entry strategies have been set, serving as important stabilizers for financial markets and economic agents.
The main reason is government infighting.
IMF and World Bank structural adjustment policies combining trade liberalization with tight monetary policy were supposed to redirect resources from less productive to more productive uses.
For the past 50 years, the EU was largely able to count on a benign partnership with the US in a multilateral context; that assumption no longer holds, even if we do not yet know the extent of America's new unilateralism.
In essence, the form of government we seek within Germany and across Europe is built on a sense of moral discourse and moral decision-making rather than on the supposedly eternal truth of some abstract political concept.
But the behavior of consumer prices in the post-1980 crises is fundamentally different from that seen in the 1930's.
For, by taking the steps called for in the Nuclear Posture Review--specifically, developing "new capabilities...to defeat emerging threats," including "extensive research and timely fielding of new systems to address these challenges"--the Bush administration is lowering the threshold for the possible use of nuclear weapons by the US or other countries.
We do not know whether Chancellor Gerhard Schröder and/or President Jacques Chirac called Berlusconi to suggest that he find a new Italian Commissioner.
In September, Bush made an unexpectedly low-key speech to the UN General Assembly.
China has similar problems, with the investment-growth nexus threatening macroeconomic stability -- witness the overheating that occurred in 2003 and 2004.
Or is it?
Milosevic, the former president of Yugoslavia, and then Serbia, died in prison.
Drug trafficking, money laundering and economic crimes are areas where the two countries are already working together, for there is now greater understanding of their respective positions, and also shared interests, on these issues.
One reason is that terrorism is typically organized activity.
This is, unfortunately, a fair description of what underlies the relationship between NATO and the Russian Federation.
The inventor of New Labour would like to be remembered as the man who squared the circle of sustainable economic growth and a reformed welfare state, the man who reconciled wealth creation and social cohesion.
Russia's extreme activism is curious.
As the world sinks into slowdown, several policy lessons emerge.
But the risk to EU gas supplies shows that our fates are linked.
Under the influence of market fundamentalism, the IMF does not benefit all of its members sufficiently.
The process of integration was reversed after the WWI and finally destroyed in the Great Depression, in a series of vicious shocks: tariff protection, contagious financial panics that spread from the periphery to the heart of the world's financial system, and a turn to economic nationalism and autarky.
This is where the inspectors have focused so far.
One source of discontent with globalization is that it deprives countries of their freedom to protect their economy and citizens.
In 1980, stock market capitalization relative to GDP was five times greater in the US and UK than in Continental Europe; by 2000, it was only 60% higher.
Some of these events stemmed from Gorbachev's miscalculations.
The Indians Strike Back
So how does such a system block offending content?
Party caucuses, decisions of party executive committees, and party congresses assume the status of public institutions with informal authority to block government policy.
It might not be able to close the Strait of Hormuz, but threats to refineries, storage facilities, and tankers would send oil prices even higher.
Asia's Age of Thaksin?
They could well squander the significant transfers that they receive through the agricultural and structural funds, as many previous EU recipients did.
These include the haunting celebration of a young man's imminent martyrdom by suicide bombing, while other websites, although less violent, have widened the scope of sin to include learning English, studying science, and giving women access to the Internet without a male guardian present.
The Gulf War of 1991 demonstrated that wars can actually be bad for an economy.
Everyone feels that a seismic shift is under way.
A Global Agreement on Basic Telecommunications went into effect in 1998; a Financial Services Agreement to liberalize trade in banking, insurance, and securities was implemented in April 1999.
Consider pharmaceuticals. For American drug companies, this agreement extends the time period during which brand-name pharmaceuticals have exclusive access to markets, postponing the entry of generic drugs and thus limiting competition.
What other exit strategy can it devise?
Anyone who now claims that the 1948 Palestinian refugees have a claim, in principle, to return to Israel, must confront the question: should the millions of Germans expelled from Eastern Europe after 1945 also have the same right of return to their lost homes?
This task requires time, patience, hard work, and luck.
Consider one example: the number of children per woman in society, known as the ``total fertility rate.'' In societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children, the number of children is very high.
But these are the people least likely to take their tax cuts and spend them to boost aggregate demand.
The release of Milosevic?
When private jobs are no longer competitive, government jobs seem an easy solution to keeping people employed.
We should be prepared for them.
However, with China's economy currently threatened by ongoing yuan appreciation, liberalizing the financial system could have perverse short-run consequences.
But, despite ample funding and abundant media access, Asar finished third.
In 2004 alone, China's foreign direct investment in Africa represented $900 million of the continent's $15 billion total.
The alliance between Syria and Iran dates back more than two decades, and was explicitly reaffirmed by the two ruling regimes as recently as January 2005.
Education ministries in Brazil, Uganda, and throughout many parts of the developing world know what works.
Leaving aside all questions of human rights, democracy, and the rule of law, Russia is just too big, too Asiatic, too nuclear, and too much of a "great power," to be accommodated inside the EU.
They are a homegrown challenge to an entrenched political order, and they are riding a powerful historical current.
Remarkably, responsible macroeconomic policy has followed a wave of populist/socialist electoral victories in recent years.
The second lesson of perestroika concerns the program of reform.
Declaring that "Arab popular resistance" to the American invasion has spread through the region, Assad referred to the increasing numbers of Arab, including Syrian, "volunteers" who have gone to Iraq to fight alongside Saddam's soldiers.
Most international finance economists are becoming increasingly frightened that a major international financial crisis could erupt.
These populists promise solutions that dispense with the habits and norms of moderation, notably with centrist democratic policies and an internationalism that seeks to promote peace and prosperity.
We have a duty to seek justice for the victims of Charles Taylor's crimes.
There is no shortage of examples.
True, Al Qaeda's tentacles reach into many conflicts.
In services, trade barriers stand in the way of improved quality and efficiency, slowing the growth of a sector that could make a huge contribution to competitiveness and employment.
But, on closer inspection, things are not so simple.
Draghi replaced Antonio Fazio, whose corrupt protectionist practices in Italy's banking sector had both discouraged capital from coming into Italy and depressed the euro.
No doubt, Putin is now likely to behave like a peacemaker.
America's macroeconomic situation is also worrisome.
Taming our radicals, and the radical impulse, has not been easy.
Iraq's Potemkin Government
Unlike workers or peasants, students include people from all levels of society, so whatever mobilizes them represents society's focus at that time.
So if the settlers have a right to self‑defense, is the fence an acceptable means of realizing that right?
The paradox of Brazil's current corruption scandal, and of the widespread corruption of the Mexican left in Mexico City, is that the advent of democracy, which has unveiled, documented, and focused attention on corruption, is largely a product of the left's struggle over the past two decades in both countries.
External factors will be critical in determining where Turkey ends up.
The cycle thus takes another vicious turn: higher interest rates, continuing currency appreciation, further decimation of the tradeables sector, and the risk of more unemployment.
Yushchenko is careful not to criticize oligarchs but "bandits" and corruption, because smaller oligarchs support him.
Sovereign debt, needed by all countries, but particularly by the poorest, suffers profoundly from erratic interest-rate and exchange-rate movements. The absence of a lender of last resort in today's world only magnifies the threat involved in each crisis.
4.
The postwar architecture of German foreign policy has been made up of several bridges--to the United States, to France, to Britain, to smaller EU member states, to Central and Eastern Europe, and to Russia.
Compared to public opinion in 1960, that's certainly an enormous progress.
If those who hold power fear that change may bring unpleasant consequences, they will systematically obstruct it, which rulers in the Middle East proceeded to do for centuries.
Only by doing so can the Union achieve a more credible foreign and security policy and become a serious partner for the United States, its neighbors, and the rest of the world.
Southeast Asia's Widening Arms Race
The way to deal with uncertainty and complex situations is to think clearly and act decisively, not cut deals that place Ukraine's future in the hands of shadowy businesses.
Such criticism notwithstanding, Friedman makes an important point.
The United Nations Security Council has taken these meetings seriously and has requested further regional cooperation on the Iraqi question.
Does this mean that a hurricane could hit world financial markets at any moment?
How does one separate the terrorist parasite from its unwilling host, without doing fatal violence to the patient?
As far back as 1873, in his classic book on central banking, Lombard Street , Walter Bagehot noted that central banks should be able to prevent financial panics by injecting liquidity into the economy.
This will involve far more than just the usual regional actors and conflicts.
What was not predicted was the size of the victory for this so-called "party of power," or the exceedingly poor showing by the Communist Party (KPRF).
So why prefer one genetic potential over the other?
The Other War That Should Be Stopped
Maybe real estate prices are unlikely to fall to pre-boom levels because the fundamental change in perceptions concerning capitalism's triumph will be longstanding.
While these expect little from an often indifferent France, they still, as the discussions in Riga suggest, would be disposed to putting their trust in Germany -- if only German governments once again show they care.
The most obvious solution is to increase the number of permanent members from five to eight or nine (including Germany, Japan, India and possibly Brazil) and to change the voting rules, so that two or three permanent members--rather than just one--are needed to block an action.
More precisely, Castro limits Cubans.
It lasted 50 days and was heartily supported by Beijing residents and people all around the country, from all walks of life.
High taxation supports comprehensive national health care, education, pensions, and other social services, resulting in low levels of poverty and a relatively narrow income gap between the richest and poorest households.
The main glitch in this scenario, however, is Lewites.
Live Long and Prosper
The question of whether to meet with nasty but powerful people has dogged diplomacy since its inception, and both ends of the question have been argued endlessly -- and inconclusively.
The underlying idea is simple: every year, countries around the world set aside reserves as insurance against contingencies such as an abrupt downturn in foreign lenders' sentiment or a collapse of export prices.
International covenants, the Bush Administration conveyed, are maybe all right for lesser powers - but they are an unacceptable restriction on the freedom of action of the world's only superpower.
Since everyone carries some adverse genes, there is no clear line between selecting against a child with above-average risks of contracting a disease and selecting for a child with unusually rosy health prospects.
The constitution of liberty requires both, and the rule of law is the more difficult of the two to establish and maintain, for it requires not just a constitution but, almost more importantly, an independent judiciary that is sensitive to violations of constitutional and other legitimate rules.
The war in Iraq cost countless innocent lives, such as when the UN headquarters in Baghdad was bombed.
It is thus hardly surprising that commentaries about avian flu often miss the mark.
Even though a consensus had emerged in the Council that a December interest rate hike would be necessary, a handful of holdouts on the ECB Governing Council -- some with their own very private agendas -- leaked misleading and, in one instance, clearly false information to the press in a futile attempt to thwart the increase.
Russia is living through the deepest, most prolonged crisis in modern history.
The challenge to workers, employers, governments, and communities is to translate what we now know into coordinated and sustainable programs.
A recent study conducted in China, including 862 patients who were between the second and tenth day after onset of acute stroke, is the largest truly randomized trial using death or dependency as the primary outcome.
Japan's vacation-home boom of the 1980's has largely fizzled with its collapsing stock market and urban land market.
It was the Red Army's biggest defeat.
Hopes for a development round in world trade -- opening up opportunities for developing countries to grow and reduce poverty -- now seem dashed.
Last but not least, we need food policies for the long term. One Europe with the highest standards of food safety.
But that miracle will not materialize in Mainz.
Given the gravity of the accusations, and the abundance of evidence against him, Ríos Montt should be on his way to prison.
But including social policy among the shared competences of the Union is potentially much more serious.
Democracy carries certain costs, but they are always lower than the costs of evading popular participation.
Thanks to agreements between the rebels and the government that Nelson Mandela and South African Vice President Jacob Zuma helped broker, Burundi can now either turn decisively away from civil strife, or risk a return to the machete politics that have mauled Africa's Great Lakes region for a decade.
It was also costly in terms of our soft power to attract others.
If these three fail to agree in a crisis, Europe will be opting out; if united on taking action, Europe will be committed.
But the desire for dignity is not enough to secure it.
The preamble of the Constitution states that Europe is "united in its diversity."
Is it supporting real development needs, such as growing more food, fighting disease, or building transport, energy, and communications infrastructure?
But perhaps this is irrelevant.
Moreover, Russia's default and devaluation in 1998 undermined the progress that was accomplished -- starting in 1996 -- in the banking sector and the capital markets in general.
Brazilian bonds would rally and confidence would return at the sight of a lender of last resort.
The result is even more corruption and less growth in a sort of "corruption-induced" poverty trap.
A sense of alienation towards the West is spreading, and Turkey's diplomatic relations with Russia have reached a hitherto unknown intimacy.
But that audience exists because of the deep dissatisfaction and anger of so many young Muslims everywhere.
To some, making such priorities seems obscene.
Such attempts at blame-shifting are misguided: one can understand the default as the consequence of economic mistakes made over a decade.
Corruption and incompetence have forged a state in which tens of millions of lives lay broken and hopeless; where vast swathes of the economy are in ruin; where internal and external debts multiply into many billions of dollars; and where an inept army of corrupt bureaucrats presides over a government that cannot meet the most elementary needs of Ukraine's people.
Democratization can surely help remove some of the sources of rage that fuel terrorism, but it is only part of the solution.
Nothing would be gained by breaking with Russia and engaging in confrontation with it, but there is no reason not to respond to Realpolitik with Realpolitik.
The terrorism that we have come to associate with Al Qaeda is special in many ways.
The same is true if the British economy and the Euro-zone economy are both doing badly.
Stock market volatility was also very low during the early 1990's, before reaching new peaks later in the decade.
Colombia recently bucked this trend, and it now appears that the leftist candidate in Mexico's presidential election, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, was narrowly defeated.
Of course, reading too much into a single appointment is wrong.
What Verdi believed was possible in the 19
Brazil must also pay more attention to environmental management, especially in the fragile yet critical Amazon region, if it wants long-term, sustainable economic development.
Yet Japan's modestly named Self-Defense Forces are involved in many regional hot spots (no combat duty, of course) and seek to play a more active part in UN peacekeeping.
He is correct, up to a point.
The years since, however, were eaten by locusts.
This strategy also wins the votes of the poorest segments of society, who make up the majority of Brazil's electorate and receive very little, but see the subsidies as "better than nothing." And the poor make up the majority of Brazil's electorate.
Suspicions about such problems--especially about drug-induced suicidal behavior and sensitization to depression--have been rumbling for years, but searching scientific investigations have only just begun.
In the aftermath of the French and Dutch referenda, the European Commission and the European Parliament have sketched plans for a Europe-wide debate on these issues.
But adopting the terrorists' interpretation of events conceals the reality of this conflict.
With the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989, labor flows, both legal and illegal, became much greater.
There is still time to save our fisheries, but only if they are reinvented not as the source of an endlessly growing supply of fish for an endlessly growing human population, but as a provider of a healthy complement to grain-based diets.
Similarly, a 6,000-man commando unit will be recruited not only to confront outbreaks of domestic terrorism, but also to provide the air-landed component for the new ship-based helicopter squadrons.
Many in the audience were shocked by his remarks, but Cheney seemingly failed to grasp how appalled his audience was.
Exit polls suggest that ballot totals fairly closely reflect voter choices.
Now that the Kyoto Protocol has been ratified, with even Russia belatedly signing on, a threat is emerging against an earlier landmark in international environmental protection -- the Vienna Convention and the Montreal Protocol for defending the stratospheric ozone layer.
Stock Market Fantasies
Umberto Bossi, the League's leader, made three promises before the last elections: to reduce the tax burden; to halt clandestine immigration; and to devolve powers from the central government in Rome to regional administrations.
· First, under his leadership, Brazil firmly embraced human rights, not only in the sense of democratic elections, but in terms of economic justice for African-Brazilians and indigenous Brazilians, people who had long been discriminated against.
Moreover, for the first time, Colombia's neighbors seem willing to abandon Latin America's traditional "hands-off" policy in order to offer assistance.
The second question is how to continue the negotiations with Bulgaria and Romania.
But, as the Kirchners dream their mythic dreams, they will also be confronted with reality.
But it is to be hoped that the West's legal systems will provide an alternative recourse, one that will not only partially redress past injustices, but provide incentives for corporations to think twice before profiting from brutal regimes in the future.
Institutions and governments, like people, make bold resolutions at the beginning of every year.
Among residents of the Iranian capital, the share of "nationalists" soared from 38% in 2000 to 59% in 2005.
Are the Dollar's Days Numbered?
Micro-financing--small loans to self-employed craftspeople and the like--can help.
How could America's government have proceeded with this privatization, which on its face seemed so absurd?
Indeed, China's income distribution today looks more like that of Brazil than that of Sweden.
Continuing this policy is not in America's interest.
Who's he kidding?
An aging population contributes to Europe's poor economic performance.
NATO is the only permanent political forum in which North America sits together with Europe.
Rather than castigating the poor for their "sins," we should make careful diagnoses, as a good doctor would, for each country and region - to understand the fundamental factors that retard economic growth and development.
But the weaknesses in the economy as a result of this economic mismanagement mean that those who lose their jobs will face a tougher time.
In his more popular articles, in his columns, and on the podium, his wit and the speed of his mind made him a formidable presence.
The internal debates will be heated and their conclusions difficult for some to accept.
As the examples of the recent Korean and Thai financial crises show, what is needed is political will that is equal to the task.
Yet Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has rejected such a cease-fire.
Kerry knows that in most cases military power alone cannot be decisive, as there are other dimensions of power - so-called "soft power" - that are essential to resolving crises and establishing peace. These dimensions include international legitimacy, values (including tolerance), and public opinion.
In particular, Indonesia will inevitably become involved in the tug of war between the US and China for influence over the vitally important Malacca Strait.
"Dada covers things with an artificial tenderness," wrote Tzara.
This is the single most important challenge facing Calderón; designing and building new institutions should be his first priority.
Such rapid industrial rises are rare, but not unprecedented.
When the government began to loosen restrictions on raw cashew exports in the late 1980s, workers and employers in these factories took a big hit.
Projected annual revenues from this project for oil companies such as Chevron, Exxon, and Petronas, and lenders like the World Bank and the European Investment Bank, are estimated at $4.7 billion.
The Right to Die
Just as the world confronted the "German Question" 125 years ago, it is now confronting the "China Question."
However many failed states there were in the world before America invaded Iraq, there is one more now.
That they no longer do so is deeply disturbing.
Japan also faces serious demographic challenges.
These views translate readily into action.
This would require Europe's governments to increase their deficits in the short run, while improving the long run outlook through serious pension reform.
For the reformers, normality meant the progressive development of Muslim societies, and they tied this to the interaction of Islamic teaching with relevant, worldly ideas of the time.
But for a private sector to develop, governments must provide well-defined and legally protected property rights, and they must reduce red tape.
Her appeal to voters is simple: "I am a woman, and you have never tried a woman, so be modern and try one now."
Modern history, however, did teach Asians that disunity led to European triumphs over them.
Nevertheless, one must wonder about a winning movement with quite a few elected members in Israeli prisons and others who are not likely to get permission to enter the country in which they were elected, so that the new parliament cannot function properly.
Then he revealed that his wife was doing business with one of Montesinos's banker friends and that his family members had obtained highly paid government posts.
While such decisions must not ignore longer-term developments, the time horizon for inflation forecasts is usually only one to two years, beyond it gets highly uncertain.
It raised the stakes for the island's pro-independence camp and increased the risk of a cross-Strait military conflict.
Therefore, it is in the EU's interest to help them qualify in terms of political, civil and economic stability.
The death of Kuwait's ruler, Sheikh Jaber al-Sabah, on January 15, 2006, was followed by unprecedented national disquiet, which led to the rapid abdication of his designated successor, Saad Al Sabah.
People make a conscious choice to become either cosmopolitans or locals, depending on their own personal talents and the perceived returns from making the choice.
Today, no single country or combination of countries can stand up to American military might.
Their countries sank deeply into debt, with low rates of growth, endemic corruption, and bloated public sectors.
But if Georgians shiver through another energy-less winter in 2004, they could well lose their patience--and their trust in democracy.
By that fact alone, he added a spiritual dimension to an age which is dominated by worldly concerns, such as wealth and show business.
The failure of the June EU summit and the bitter clashes between Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac have even inspired some to proclaim the beginning of the end for Europe.
But we do know that, like the late 19th-century boom in trade in staple goods fueled by the iron-hulled ocean-going steamship and the submarine telegraph, it will.
In both cases, however, after initial progress, countries have shown clear signs of political "fatigue": in the euro area, the Stability Pact has imploded; throughout Eastern Europe, budget deficits have started to rise.
China's trade surplus with the US exceeds $100 billion, but it runs a deficit with India.
Russia's performance since then has been impressive, yet its GDP remains almost 30% below what it was in 1990.
Given the high hopes that preceded ascension to the EU, and the stingy attitude of the Union to its new members, it should not surprise anyone if an anti-European reaction soon starts to brew in these countries.
True autonomy for Japan, as in the past, depends once more on active and cooperative engagement in containing a world crisis.
He suppressed the Kurds, reassuring both Turkey and Syria, countries with sizeable--and restive--minority populations of their own.
Looking more closely, one finds that while these controversies were often framed in religious terms, they were not at all about religion.
Curious about the contents of the trunk, the captain of the ship crept down to Descartes' cabin one night and opened it.
But if the US continues to downgrade its commitment to multilateralism, and instead determines to intervene militarily wherever it pleases, then the world will become a much more dangerous place.
Such a rejection would not only put transatlantic relations even more at risk than they are today; it would also put relations between European countries in peril.
More than half a million Africans and two million people globally die each year from TB, the leading infectious cause of death for people with HIV/AIDS.
By contrast, a European Commission that is directly elected would have great legitimacy, as well as being insulated from political fights inside the European Parliament, thereby increasing its political effectiveness.
The upcoming defense review will mandate changes based on events of the past five years, focusing especially on Iraq, Afghanistan, and other aspects of the war on terror.
Most people engaged in these activities would respond with answers like, "because I like to" or, "because it fulfills me," if not, "I feel obliged not to waste my talent."
The recession of 2001 combined an inventory downturn with an investment downturn.
A Secretary General of the UN is more secretary than general.
Once a German Chancellor becomes unpopular regardless of why these party organizations no longer view him as a vote-winner, and the parliamentary majoritys barons will balk at implementing painful reforms, no matter how necessary and beneficial.
What Putin may be able to provide is the diplomatic cover the US president needs to maintain his pose of not negotiating directly with the North Koreans.
This massive hemorrhage of foreign currency is channeled exclusively to France, thanks to a capital control it put in place in 1993.
It is also the world's top exporter of merchandise and the second-largest exporter of goods and services.
Instead, he moved further right, with massive tax cuts as his main economic proposal.
Issuing the new global money would reduce this uncertainty.
So it is often safer to run with the crowd, even if you think the crowd is running in the wrong direction.
Is this what normalcy always means?
Families in rural and semi-rural areas often have no choice but to exploit what they perceive as a "free" energy source.
Law and order is on the agenda of most governments, but many voters feel that it still does not have proper prominence.
That clearly is the case of late in America.
Muslim countries do tend to be characterized by lower levels of inequality and crime (a good proxy for social exclusion) than other countries at similar stages of economic development, such as those in Catholic Latin America.
With half of the world's 6 billion people living on $2 per day or less, the education gap remains stark.
The International Criminal Court will prosecute heads of states for war crimes.
On the left, the growing working class sought to use political power to change economic relations - to advance more progressive tax policies, or to stop the use of tariffs to protect the old order.
Some economists argue that there is little power in relationships where buyers and sellers consent to a price that clears a market.
But the internet is helping to change these rules.
It is not destabilizing speculation that poses the biggest threat to Sweden today, but rather poor monetary management - including an excessive focus on inflation in the manner of the ECB.
The Americans who signed the Declaration of Independence, as British citizens, were all guilty of treason for levying war against King George III.
Poor traders like Rosalia want real shops, and for some, Namibia Beverages, the local bottling operation of Coca-Cola, is answering the call with sturdy iron cabins that are spacious, portable, and easily secured.
When they have an opportunity to share money with a stranger who has trusted him or her, non-cooperators keep all the money rather than share the largess.
The "end-of-civilization" argument is counterproductive to serious public debate.
Even after the increases in annual assistance promised by Bush at the UN's meeting in Monterey, Mexico, in 2002, the United States is still giving less than a quarter of its commitment of 0.7% of GDP.
In short, the more equipment and infrastructure a country is installing, the more its people have to work with.
While these were important, however, Germany did not begin its arduous path away from zero hour with concern for the past.
That sum would make it possible to extend essential health services to the hundreds of millions of people that now lack medical attention, including treatment for AIDS, immunizations of children, and the distribution of bed-nets to prevent malaria.
Despite the announced reforms, it is unlikely that there will be any significant exchange-rate flexibility in China's currency.
-1.8
Why not?
This was done after an FDA commissioned re-analysis of safety data from all trials of the newer antidepressants demonstrated increased risk of suicidality (definitive suicidal behaviour/ ideation) and increased risk of treatment-emergent hostility or agitation in those treated with the active drug compared to placebo.
The public is largely unaware of the scientific knowledge we have concerning the threats and risks that we face, and that we can reduce these risks by thinking ahead.
Moreover, America might also once again retreat bitterly into isolationism, blaming her failure on the UN and on disloyal European allies.
None of this will come cheap.
But what if it's too late, and the zero interest_rate bound is reached while prices are falling?
The bad news, then, is that the conflict will go on for decades, owing to intransigence and growing chaos on the Palestinian side.
Both ethnic Russians and ethnic Ukrainians view the tenth-century feudal state known as "Kyiv Rus" very favorably.
Each has been the other's ``other,'' and their sometimes friendly, sometimes hostile, relations have bonded them more deeply than either realizes.
Diplomatic obstruction is not the only means Russian elites use to foster antagonism with the US. They also seek to inflame domestic public opinion.
Chile's dignity now hinges on whether or not its legal system reaches the same conclusion.
While the decline in fertility is global, its speed varies across countries.
Three years ago, in Iraq, Saddam Hussein and his sons brutally ruled a nation in the heart of the Middle East.
The benefits of these models are supposedly so obvious that it seems incomprehensible that ASEAN's leaders cannot see them.
Brazil, too, has in recent decades depleted much of its forestland, only at faster rates.
Nonetheless the challenges he faces are enormous.
In any case, she will have her hands full pushing through the economic reforms for which she will be elected and which are her top priority.
In the period from 1991 to 1993, nationalism was on the rise because Yeltsin's infant democracy seemed weak, with the country in the throes of a deep economic crisis, as well as an acute confrontation between different branches of government.
Here, too, the data are contradictory or preliminary, with some indicating a decrease in suicide accompanying the increase in use of antidepressants.
Under Chancellor Helmut Kohl, it gave up its beloved Deutsche Mark for the sake of deepening European integration, but also to sooth French fears that Germany was poised to establish monetary hegemony over the continent.
Government should provide citizens with public goods: collective defense, legislation and regulation, enforcement of the rule of law.
First, long-term continuation of violence will force Israel to withdraw from the occupied territories.
Asserting Western values in a unified way and then assigning jobs to those who can do them best seems a more effective and dignified approach than the present spectacle of Americans moving forward almost blindly while Europeans try to look away.
The costs of its economic program was perceived as simply too high, relative to the inchoate benefit of a seemingly more "legitimate" leadership than that of Mr. Berlusconi.
A recent poll in Egypt ranked Nasrallah, Meshal, and Ahmadinejhad as the three most popular figures.
It will also take longer to validate a PARP inhibitor for use as a prophylactic treatment, because the treatment cannot be proven effective in a short time.
Poor countries achieve lower levels of corruption when civil rights are protected.
I was there.
In fact, even the American poor do not mind inequality, which they see as a social ladder that they can climb.
Although it imposes hardships on others, the fence is a plausible means of protection against suicide bombers. It is neither disproportionate nor excessive.
The creation of Camp X-Ray at Guantanamo, and President Bush's executive order establishing military commissions to try those held there, aimed to deal with prisoners seized during the war in Afghanistan whom the US considered to be ``unlawful combatants.''
The contribution of the Helsinki process in Europe was its recognition that true peace required a new relationship between rulers and ruled as well as between states.
Central banks increasingly realize that no matter how much legal independence they have, their credibility with investors requires transparent monetary policy and effective communication with politicians and the wider public.
But his lies did not lead his country into a war that has cost thousands of lives.
But unlimited progress cannot be paid for with finite funds.
Italians (and later Turks) who worked in Northern Europe and then returned home with sufficient assets to start small businesses made a double contribution; they helped their host countries and then helped their home countries.
So how bad was the election?
The Gulf states, especially Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, offered Saddam massive financial and media support.
This goal is now within reach.
Not only does a higher percentage of American adults work, but they also work more hours per week and more weeks per year.
They include long-term monitoring for adverse health effects and batteries of tests for genetic stability, toxins, allergenicity, and so on.
Thus, America trumpeted its continuing support for Turkish membership in the EU, notably in President Bush's speech in June at Istanbul's Galatasaray University - at a bridge that joins Asia and Europe.
With fixed supply, rents on these properties should increase at a rate equal to or above the rate of GDP growth.
What happens in the end?
True, this year is a bit better thanks to having Russia's Vladimir Putin as host; there is simply too much tension between him and his Western counterparts to keep all emotions under wraps.
Of course, all countries eventually overcome crises.
Let's Get Real About Money
The war ended with Israeli forces 70 miles from Cairo, and less than 20 miles from Damascus, their success obscured by the shock of the surprise attack, emotional over-reactions, and the difficulty of seeing clearly through the fog of war.
The Kuchma regime's vast wealth, stolen from ordinary Ukrainians, suggested that the reign of thuggery and deceit could go on forever.
Columnists point out that the real reason for the slaughter is economic.
They asked how investors would price stocks if they expected historical average returns to continue, while also deciding that the risk was essentially zero.
When German officials pushed in the 1990's for the Stability and Growth Pact as a prerequisite for giving up the Deutschmark, they did not anticipate that Germany would be the first country to violate the pact.
So it seems to most Romanians not only preposterous, but immoral , for the EU to care so much for a pig's last moments of life when it seems to care so little for the everyday life of ordinary Romanians.
No country can succeed if it denies itself the talents of half of its people.
A global savings glut would suggest that rebalancing the world economy requires policies to boost America's savings rate and to increase non-US households' consumption.
Some Nato members hope to evade these problems altogether through delay.
The Slovak government is still in power, but it has lost its majority and could fall soon.
China urgently needs to maintain an annual growth rate of over 9% as a bulwark against social disorder.
The word "terrorism" appears in law books and legislation around the world. Various civil sanctions apply to "terrorist organizations," and it can be a crime to assist one.
When current overnight rates can no longer be lowered, it is vital that a central bank credibly signal its intention to maintain looser policy in the future, when it will have more room to maneuver.
Bridging these differences will not be easy, even though the US, for all its power, needs partners to fight terrorism, nuclear weapons proliferation, and global climate change.
Shaping up the public sector is an obvious goal, but civil servants are adamantly opposed to what would in effect mean new and much less attractive work contracts. 
Just recently, Romanian president Traian Barescu signed the Treaty to join the European Union.
This can be done in several ways: by means tests that impose duties on many parents; by loans to be repaid under favourable conditions; by a special tax on graduates; or by mixtures of such approaches involving a generous system of bursaries as well as charges on well-to-do parents.
As adamant opposition to the legal regulation of assisted dying weakens, so the issues of practical applicability become more important.
But without more and deeper reforms, there will be too few of the preconditions for economic growth that lure investment--without which no growth is possible.
Indeed, fear, insecurity, and nationalism are again raising their heads.
The US must help these countries build up their infrastructure, educational and legal systems, competitiveness, and transparency.
So, once again, Mahathir felt pressure to adopt a strategy aimed at preventing Islam from becoming a tool of opposition.
Recognizing this fact, the Pact's architects made things worse by adopting two misguided `solutions'.
But how much will it matter?
Exports outside the Euro area claim only 15-16% of Europe's total output, and will be even less when (and if) Sweden and the UK join the Euro.
In Iraq, some of these steps have already been taken.
Recent research I conducted with the IMF's Arvind Subramanian demonstrates that Nigeria's poor economic performance is primarily a story of the mismanagement of oil revenues.
Tropical countries that sign this convention will seriously damage the health of their peoples.
India already is being treated with growing respect in global economic councils.
If the oil price stays at $40 a barrel, expect it to have next to no effect on short-term world GDP growth.
But the boom generated by such beliefs cannot go on forever, because prices can't go up forever, and there are already signs of a hard landing.
Once upon a time, North America, notably the US, seemed to provide the answer.
But high expectations, both domestically and internationally, can lead to huge disappointments.
Ordinary Kenyans played a key role in changing the outcome of what, ten years ago, would have been a done deal.
Diplomacy, in its traditional form, was never Russia's strong suit.
Other bodies want to revive the idea of creating an international tribunal to investigate war crimes in Chechnya.
One of the special vulnerabilities of Israel, and a repetitive cause of violence, is the holding of prisoners.
Clear electoral rules and procedures can help ensure transparency, but accountability also comes from the broad society in between elections.
In his recent book The Skeptical Environmentalist , for example, the Danish public-policy analyst Bjørn Lomborg cited data reported by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) that showed increasing figures for global fish catches.
Like Americans and others around the world, they are threatened by violent extremism.
Such a declaration would mean that Europe is not closing its doors on Ukraine, a country with a European cultural identity and a long tradition of struggle for democracy and human rights.
Not only are these assumptions absurd, but so are the conclusions: there is no involuntary unemployment, markets are fully efficient, and redistribution has no real consequence.
Meanwhile, poverty rates in South America have remained relatively constant.
A more fruitful question than an inquiry into America's motives is how the US will act once war comes. Here we don't have to rely on second-guessing individuals.
These opportunities need to be seized with as much alacrity as the world has responded to Asia's sorrow.
Kadima's success is due to Sharon's main innovation in Israeli politics: the successful unilateral disengagement from Gaza.
Europe's finance ministers have played a clever game with the ECB.
Romania is due to end its membership negotiations with the EU in 2004.
Europe's disappointing economic performance lies at the root of this.
In China, there is no such protection, because private property was not legally recognized until recently, and the court system is not independent.
With GE's leadership, which it termed "ecomagination" (combining ecology with imagination), many US businesses are sure to follow.
These advances are the result of audacious institutional reforms and the government's sustained and increased investment in social programs.
Chinese elites are convinced that time is working in their favor, and that it is only natural that China should regain its rank amongst the world leading powers, perhaps even emerging on top one day.
Even as hundreds of similar outsourcing centers spring up in Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America, the Accra center remains a rarity in Africa.
But "Private France" - despite its dynamism - cannot continue to compete and innovate while carrying the dead weight of "Public France" on its shoulders.
Its proposals are based on the illusion that a key factor in German unemployment is an ineffective labor market bureaucracy that fails to match those searching for jobs with the many jobs on offer.
This mechanism, called corollary discharge or reafference, reduces our experience of the sensations that we cause by our own actions.
It was assumed that Cyprus should be united when the country joined the EU in 2004.
A stronger EU is America's natural partner, occasional competitor, but certainly not a rival.
Whatever may happen, I as the people's loyal servant am with them all the way.
Saddam Hussein possessed missiles and deadly biological agents yet did not use them because he was deterred by the implicit threat, made by former US Secretary of State James Baker, that the US would retaliate with all necessary means, including nuclear weapons.
The names of only a few of the thousands arrested for political crimes are known.
Since communism's fall, the nations of Central and Eastern Europe have undergone exhilarating yet wrenching transitions.
Just as Fromkin shows with regard to Germany in 1914, the Bush administration manipulated US public opinion to support the Iraq War as a war on terror, even though Iraq had nothing to do with any terrorist attack against the US.
Falling birthrates depend on a rise in the status of women, confidence in public health, growing prosperity, and strong cultural cues to convince people that there are other, better indicators of success than a large family.
After that, the entire society collapsed.
Germany has 450 hidden world champions for niche products, and is home to 15 of the 20 biggest trade fairs in the world.
So an alliance between them would seem a near impossibility.
In Asia and the Pacific, children routinely work endless hours, sleep on factory floors and subsist on scanty rations.
Context reveals something at the low end of the scale as well.�Two DNA sequences generated at random must be 25% identical, by virtue of the fact that DNA is a sequence of only four bases.�Therefore, all multicellular life, having presumably developed from a single common ancestral form, must be over 25% identical in their DNA sequences.
Any good international investment banker knows that the end of April is a bad time to come peddling his services, for that is when the world's finance ministers return home from the IMF meetings in Washington, chastened that risks to the global economy could spill over into their own backyards.
Consider China and India, the two growth miracles of the last twenty years as well as the leading exemplars of what the World Bank calls ``globalizers.''
The Belgian judge, everyone here now hopes, will shortly seek Habré's extradition from Senegal, where Habré's victims began their quest two years ago.
Comparing the human losses of Finland and Estonia throughout the 20'th century, it is clear that trying to avoid conflict and accepting paper guarantees imposed greater losses in percentage terms on us than on Finland.
It's no surprise that his health has grown worse since his return.
The Ozone Mafia
Russian Realities
Part of this negative assessment is inevitable: by the time a country comes to the IMF it is on its way to the economic emergency room. Radical surgery usually follows.
In early 2006, when the Ifo indicator foresaw an economic upturn while the German Federal Statistical Office reported meager quarterly GDP growth figures, some commentators scoffed.
Compare this situation to the drama 60 years ago. Then it was American troops and arms that liberated Western Europe from Nazism.
They're free to choose where to put their money. Europe's stock markets will begin to look like an attractive alternative.
In their stead must come, on the one hand, direct talks, security guarantees, and support in political and economic integration.
The fact that an Iranian reaction to a military attack might be ferocious does not mean that Iran's government should be allowed to do whatever it deems appropriate.
Most countries have already changed their immigration laws, or have promised to do so before the deadline.
But as he exits his post, there is a growing consensus that history will record the straight-talking Dutchman as being the right man for the right job at the right time.
When Prime Minister Tony Blair described the next election as a fistfight in which the "flyweight" Cameron would be carried out and the "heavyweight" Brown victorious after a short bout, he got much applause from his supporters in the House of Commons, but the remark went down badly with voters.
It is possible to see in Chavez but another Latin American populist sorcerer's apprentice, one whose political shelf life will expire whenever oil prices begin their inevitable shift backward.
Historically, the Kurds - who are distinct in language, culture, and historical consciousness from Arabs - never had their day in court.
Furthermore, Abe will seek to reorganize the prime minister's office to reinforce its ability to function as a political headquarters that can make quick decisions on national strategy concerning diplomatic and security issues.
But we must also limit human activities that contribute to atmospheric heating, or that exacerbate its effects.
One young mother, Rosalia, who lives in a small shack with seven children by different fathers, may look destitute to Western eyes, but she has a small business selling dried meat.
Both alternatives are unpalatable.
The King brought all the political forces together to draft a national charter for political participation.
The danger in Saudi Arabia is that the IRA are no match for Muslim fundamentalists in their fanaticism.
There are ways to improve the existing system, but is something altogether different and better possible?
If we make provisions for long lives that are cut short, we will have wasted huge amounts of precious economic resources.
The altered parts of the nervous system might keep generating injury messages, even after the original injury has healed.
Affirmations and vows are not data-dependent; they are matters of the heart.
The Long Marchers persevered, fought, starved, despaired, and endured.
Since 2003, China has become Mexico's most important trading partner after the United States.
As he put it in 1951, "Many places don't dare to kill counter-revolutionaries on a grand scale with big publicity.
Wouldn't phasing them out make a big dent in world poverty?
Above all, it requires international agencies and groupings that remain alert to the risks of illiberal democracies.
The fence assumes that they, as a people, are the source of the deadly threats to the settlers.
But the problem is more general and extends to America's Arab allies as well.
But all this should not happen.
Such outcomes are not unimportant, but they represent a far cry from the picture painted by free-trade fundamentalists.
Global use of fossil fuels is contributing to a sharp rise in atmospheric carbon dioxide, which is causing the Earth to warm.
This pattern of trade has now been mirrored in the increasing geographical spread of BSE from the UK to other countries in Europe, and more recently to Japan and the United States.
But President George W. Bush's war on terror undermined the basic principles of American democracy by expanding executive powers.
That means the city gets more green space and retains more of its history without halting badly needed construction.
With his stunning victory in Sunday's second round of Brazil's presidential elections, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva ("Lula") has finally achieved his goal after four attempts.
Whenever governments lose moral authority, as when their police seize evidence in violation of the Constitution, their case for conviction suffers.
This is critical, as Pinochet has sought to deny his competency.
Failure would lead America to seek the UN Security Council's formal condemnation of Iran, coupled with sanctions.
For stability to be preserved, Sino-Japanese relations must improve.
Militants have also attacked non-governmental organizations, particularly those located in the undeveloped tribal Northern Areas that lie beyond the writ of Pakistani law.
Should Bush and Bernanke cause investors to lose faith in US financial assets at some point, the rising euro will help shield European interest rates from the consequences.
What has been unfolding in front of our eyes in the last four weeks has been a modern and reduced version of the balance-of-power system that dominated Europe and the world in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
It will require similar audacity if it is to turn its moribund economy around.
Still, it is tempting to think that Syria is witnessing a new beginning, and the end of an era whose sins we all bear.
One Europe that starts pondering how to steer its agricultural policy in a more market oriented and green direction. One Europe with a new fisheries policy that safeguards marine natural resources for the future while taking due account of the importance of the fishing industry to local communities.
When the failures described above occurred, engineers were sensitized to their own limitations and so approached subsequent designs - no matter of what kind of bridge - with renewed respect for the laws and forces of nature.
Thus, the most lasting effect of the first reformist wave was the establishment of a " salafi " (traditionalist) trend and eventually the emergence of an even more radical fundamentalism.
Instead of the state being strengthened, it is being reborn as a police-bureaucratic apparatus to suppress social protest, extort bribes, and assure political repression.
Second, the world community welcomed China as a member of the World Trade Organization.
Eventually, the southern hemisphere's more dramatic urban problems will spill over into mass migration to northern cities.
Modern technology makes it easy to have a paper trail for voting machines, at little cost; yet several states chose not to provide this minimal safeguard.
Will the Atlantic Alliance be able to defend our safety and security in a radically altered strategic environment?
Even so, such marginal forces do not yet constitute a system for redressing grievances.
Private entrepreneurs felt secure not because the government was prevented from expropriating them, but because, sharing in the profits, it had no interest in expropriating them.
No longer. Americans increasingly ask: "Why bother?" and point to the efficacy of NATO.
For those who benefit from the politics of ambiguity, international law is an indispensable prop.
The occupation of Germany--and of Japan--after WWII followed intense fighting for many years, coming at a point when the vanquished countries viewed their defeat as irreversible.
To implement these commitments, world leaders, including US President George W. Bush, met again in Monterrey, Mexico, to adopt the Monterrey Consensus on how to achieve the breakthrough from poverty.
Fraudulent disclosures are commonplace.
But other hostilities soon took hold, and by the fourth century, Christians had more to fear from each other than from outsiders.
This reasoning can apply as well to how we regard adults.
The fragmented nature of European defense procurement, the Byzantine rules of the European defense trade, and industrial capabilities shaped by the Cold War legacy all sap Europe's ability to meet its military needs.
These challenges - petroleum scarcity, growing instability in the Middle East, and climate change - require clear thinking.
Austria
Like the Nixon/Connolly team, the Bush administration is responding to America's massive budget and trade deficits by letting the dollar fall--and hard --while it also tries to distract attention from its responsibility by pointing an accusing finger at China as the cause for both US joblessness and deflationary pressures.
We have a large foreign population and one of the world's largest consular corps.
As expansion of the EU approaches, many Europeans see in it only things to be feared: masses of economic migrants, and poor countries demanding subsidies.
Indeed, China is on the precipice of becoming an environmental wasteland.
Denying a visa to Russian human rights activist Sergey Kovalyov?
Alternatively, the number of working years required to qualify for a full retirement benefit can be increased.
Similarly, Israelis and Palestinians have both engaged in barbaric acts in a tragic interplay of mutual fear that empowers extremists in both communities.
President George H.W. Bush even threatened to reduce American aid to Israel.
On the level of the wider population, the battle against depression has not been won.
Yet homosexuality remains outside the pale.
On the eve of Koehler's arrival as Managing Director, the world had experienced a period of financial turbulence not seen since the 1930's.
So resistance to change is built into the system.
In the face of repression, Internet Islam appears to speak with authentic authority.
The Chinese government's reaction - every so often - is to behead a bunch of obvious and odious villains.
Suddenly, however, something is changing and for totally unexpected reasons.
Rather than improving services and living conditions in areas where it could have helped consolidate peace, the government, at America's behest, will allocate hundreds of millions of dollars to pay investment banks, accounting firms, and legal advisors who assist with that refinancing.
Indeed, one of Schroeder's first major foreign-policy experiences was the EU summit of 1999, where the leaders of France and Britain played rough with the newcomer from Berlin.
Moreover, China has sought to improve trade and transit ties with Central Asia over the last decade, reflecting its growing interests there.
We will need the solidarity of our neighbors, and of freedom-loving peoples around the world, to assure that our democratic dreams are realized in peace.
These fundamental rights are part and parcel of democratic government.
Until 1990, France-or, rather, much of its political class-tacitly agreed with Nobel laureate François Mauriac's famous confession: "I love Germany so much that I prefer it to be split into two parts ."
The question, she reports on www.opendemocracy.net, seemed to take him by surprise, and he did not support the idea. Like Toulmin, I wonder if this is a truth that is just too inconvenient, even for him.
Another reason why guilt does not capture our situation is that the collective debt must be owed to some coherent collective entity, such as the Jewish people in the Holocaust.
Changes have also occurred in the motivation and organization of terrorist groups.
It would make the exit of occupation forces more complex and perhaps more drawn-out.
Moreover, in accordance with Saudi tradition, the ruling family appoints a Prince as chairman of the General Committee overseeing the elections -- a sign not of wider political participation, but of business as usual.
But only a broad public outcry will convince the Praesidium to scrap this disastrous approach. Daniel Gros is Director of Research, Centre for European Policy Studies,
-3.5
The search for a new Managing Director of the IMF provides a keen reminder of how unjust today's international institutions are.
Mugabe, however, immediately appointed Mnangagwa, who is much feared and often linked to allegations of corruption, as Speaker of Parliament.
The more immediate explanation for the lack of reforms derives from the paradox of the strength of the French economy.
Now the axis has crushed hopes of passing a new European constitution in Brussels by demanding the so-called "double majority" rule, which would seriously weaken medium-size and smaller countries' voting power by comparison to what was agreed three years ago in Nice.
The basic institutional balances between the Commission, the Council and the European Parliament are not in question.
But the Constitution must not only introduce more clarity, transparency, and efficiency into the workings of European institutions; it must also bring the EU closer to its citizens.
Such spending risks absorb productive resources that could be employed more efficiently elsewhere.
The parties of reform and of Europe triumphed.
The French, for example, do not want to lose farm subsidies, just as they are not eager to give more money to the new members, whose reformed economies are taking away French jobs.
In the long run, however, the answer to Maoist totalitarianism is greater and more inclusive democracy, a vibrant free press, and civil liberties.
The first three--free market reform, the rule of law, and a pragmatic foreign policy--have been widely acclaimed, while the fourth--"managed democracy"--has been tolerated because it has brought political stability.
It is, of course, easier to mock the attempts of organizations such as USAID to tackle poppy production than provide a viable solution.
When Human Rights Watch declared last January that the Iraq War did not qualify as a humanitarian intervention, the international media took notice.
In the UK, however, the epidemic of variant CJD seems to have peaked in 2000 and is now in decline, with 156 cases being identified so far.
Any redistribution, indeed, should be transparent, and take place via taxation and non pension-related transfers.
The right to public speech and peaceful assembly must be defended for those who feel marginalized and indignant at what they -- and most Europeans -- view as injustices committed against the Palestinians, the Chechens, and the Iraqis.
If America now has the right to attack Baghdad, then Iraq--which has made no public statements of aggressive intent toward the US--has the reciprocal right to attack Washington.
The shadow of such fragmentation, with its unfathomable perils, now hangs over Iraq.
The biggest development successes in recent years have been in places like China and Vietnam, where Western economic ideas, to the extent that they were considered at all, lost out to more practically oriented policymakers.
The cleverest, most literally earth-shattering notions of physics for two generations came not from the expected powerhouses of the day, but from Budapest.
The political will to keep the process moving forward has eroded.
For that very reason, the outcome of the war is likely to be more satisfactory than many now seem to believe.
These two traits, although they seem to conflict, and are certainly different from the values of American and British conservatives, nonetheless form a sound basis for a realistic pragmatism and the shunning of ideological politics - which is precisely the politics that Germany now requires.
Today, right and left, as well as the PRI itself, are all separate entities, and have a great deal of reconstruction to do.
Written another way, "Dragolea," the name means "of love" or "the lovely one" - hardly fitting for a man who developed the unlovely habit of lancing his foes on a stake, from which the nickname "Tepes" (the Impaler) was derived.
Returning home from a trip to three Central American allies, Premier Yu Shyi-kun's entourage was forced to transit in Okinawa to escape the effects of Typhoon Aere, inciting a protest from China against Japan's government.
Despite efforts to downplay the significance of the Nuclear Posture Review since its publication, it remains, in my view, extremely provocative and dangerous.
It reminds Asians of the repulsive Japan of the 1930's rather than the attractive Japan of today.
Consumers gain, but some workers lose.
Top military and diplomatic experts desperately warned Bush not to invade Iraq.
But the complexity of the tasks that post-conflict countries face underscores the urgent challenge of providing the UN with the capacity to meet them.
While weak government moved to the fore in the West, postcommunist Eastern Europe was ridding itself of the legacy of strong (ie, communist) governments imposing weak ideas.
Intellectuals complained that too little time and energy was spent on "mastering" the past.
This approach appeals to those who think that the French and Dutch referendums were a rejection of the British liberal economic model.
These were publicly reported and discussed on TV and radio.
No good deed goes unpunished: by making the PC, IBM practically destroyed itself as a company.
The NNPC's executives admit that proper monitoring of the company's operating costs consistently eludes them and that what keeps Shell and the other western oil companies in business is not the theoretical margin, but the returns they build into their costs.
Then came the 1990s, and the Christian Democratic party that largely represented this moderate constituency was wiped out by corruption scandals.
As negotiations proceed in the years ahead, it is in the international community's interest to support Turkey's European future, while making a constructive contribution to end the division of Cyprus, so that the progress we have achieved is not lost.
In the generation after World War II, you could secure a blue-collar unionized manufacturing job or climb to the top of a white collar bureaucracy that offered job security, relatively high salaries, and long, stable career ladders.
We thus need a large and liquid market for longevity risk so that these different groups can creatively share their risks with each other.
Instead of more Madonnas, who in the glare of global publicity saves a lone child's life, Africa needs more Nkhomas: passionate cheerleaders with deep local knowledge and a willingness to stand alongside peasants in the fields in order to grow food for all the other children.
But it is also feeding a patriotic emotion -- a popular longing for the restoration of Russia's imperial status and prestige -- that Putin's regime has shrewdly exploited.
George Perry of the Brookings Institution has developed various scenarios that predict the impact of a serious contraction of oil supplies.
Because Latin American countries enjoy the billions of dollars that their countrymen in the United States send home, they should take note of how many of their benefactors are being treated by American officials.
-2.3
European governments face three choices.
If Iran were interested solely in peaceful uses, the Russian offer or some other plan (such as placing stocks of low enriched uranium in Iran) could meet their needs.
This week, world leaders have an opportunity to steer developments onto a new and more hopeful path when they meet in London to forge a new compact with Afghanistan.
Some integration advocates see a united Europe as a strong partner of the US.
Either Romania, as an EU applicant, complies with these regulations or it must abandon pig breeding on a familiar scale and, as a consequence, increase the share of pork importation.
Some experts, however, dismiss these views as "mental health illiteracy."
So this moment may prove to be the Palestinians' greatest opportunity.
Trade between the two giants has grown from $100 million in 1994 to nearly $14 billion last year, and India's minister of commerce and industry has predicted that it will double by this decade's end.
So why am I moderately optimistic?
In particular, they object to the plan's proposal to give increased powers and responsibilities to the Secretary General, whose selection is effectively in the hands of the Security Council's five permanent members, which wield veto power.
They have not done so, and show no signs of doing so.
This, Egypt fears, would give a boost to its own Islamic radicals, against which the government has long fought.
(far higher than the 5.3% of Japan's supposedly moribund economy).
Furthermore, instead of pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into technical assistance and short-term capacity-building programs, the London conference should strive to help meet the Afghan government's benchmark for equipping young people with the skills and education necessary to lead their nation to a future of peace and prosperity.
Here the voices disappear when the emotional states return to normal.
The verb "to uniqlo-ize" (to cut costs dramatically through Chinese production and eliminating intermediaries) has entered Japan's business vernacular, as in: "Can we uniqlo-ize the housing industry?"
Fortunately, Lithuanians -- as well as Estonians and Latvians -- understood this game.
The Nice conference failed because the EU's national leaders could not, or would not, reach beyond their immediate national interests to take a pan-European perspective.
There is a growing recognition that the values he and his administration reflect are the antithesis of what America has long stood for - the values of an open society, in which differences of view are freely debated within a culture of civility and mutual respect for the rights of all.
Less well known is the fact that cats and dogs are infected by a coronavirus that can also cause disease in pigs.
Yet, this status relies on existing anti-doping rules.
That's not a recipe for sophisticated thinking.
In his masterpiece A Monetary History of the United States, 1867-1960 (written with Anna Schwartz), he famously attributed recessions, including the Great Depression of the 1930's, to a decline in the money supply.
The communist dogma was shattered, but so was the pretense that we were all equals in a homogenous society.
Some observers suggest that this shift will make European monetary policy more prone to the regional biases of national central banks.
Three Cheers for Brazil
The importance of genetic context has been shown in studies of behavioral mutants in fruit flies and mice. The same mutation may have a strong effect in one genetic context but not in another.
So many of these cross into Ecuador to cultivate coca there.
No single country, even the largest economy in the world, can stop the cooperation of others.
Many have read and seen enough to feel acute shame about being part of a nation that could go to war with righteous ideas and end up replicating, if not aggravating, the abuses of the "rogue state" Americans called their enemy.
True, consensus is important, because it provides credibility and legitimacy.
Politics has plagued efforts to agree on a common definition of terrorism at the United Nations.
This was a true parliamentary revolution.
The chant became so tedious that inevitably, the class clown would ask if the incantation would end up turning us all into asthmatics, as Che was.
This solution would not only permit the much-needed administrative reforms to be implemented; it would also bring clarity and transparency to a process that is in great need of improvement.
The loss of public confidence that may result from not acting may be even higher than the cost of governmental regulation -- indeed, this loss recently resulted in billions of dollars of reductions in the value of shares.
For example, refugees leaving Sudan can strain the stability of neighboring Chad.
The Cold War and post-Cold War periods are definitively at an end.
Our enemies have skillfully adapted to fighting wars in the media age, but for the most part we have not."
But they already did, twice. They condoned or even supported American air strikes against Baghdad in December 1998, and they supported or even participated in NATO's air strikes against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in March 1999.
Three commitments are particularly important.
Both Jacques Chirac and Gerhard Schroeder have repeatedly pronounced that what happens in Iraq is a strategic challenge to their countries.
Add to it a desire to create a democracy from scratch in a region characterized by authoritarian government and that task becomes almost impossible.
Like all other forms of life, fish stocks change genetically when directional selection is applied.
At the same time, however, Iran knows how costly it would be for the Americans (and perhaps the Israelis) to use force, which reduces the effect of the threat.
Even now, Russia, though undemocratic, is largely free.
Foreign direct investment (FDI) in Vietnam grew by 40% in 2005, led by investors from Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan.
Making a splash matters.
Of course, this does not mean that we should ignore the past altogether.
All of these abuses are raised repeatedly at EU-China summits, to little or no avail.
The second cause at the root of the UN crisis is the fact that the US is no longer interested in observing the old rules of international relations.
The neo-conservatives in Bush's first administration were in that tradition, but ignored the fact that both Wilson and Truman were also institution-builders who consulted other countries.
Just because some "best practice" works in New York, does that mean it will work in Accra, Ghana?
The money allowed Iraq to begin to address security, production, and technology issues throughout its oil system.
Then, about 10,000 years ago, something extraordinary happened.
Female genital mutilation, according to the WHO, consists of the "removal of all or part of the external female genital organs."
Unfortunately, key components of Japan's emerging security strategy remain vague and contradictory.
It is hard to tell whether this is good or bad.
Trade unions agreed to moderate wage claims and abandon wage indexation, in exchange for reduced working time and improved prospects for the future.
They have a centuries-old printed literature, and, above all, they are closely guarded by strong states.
Convincing themselves that reform was unavoidable was one of the major feats of China's leadership under Deng.
It is estimated that most of the UK population was exposed to BSE through diet at this time.
Most young journalists, especially those in radio, have been shocked by the censorship.
With the successive failures of IMF bailouts, the Fund has been looking for alternative strategies for handling crises.
Today, nations that were members of the Soviet Union's Warsaw Pact, as well as some of the former Soviet Republics -- countries that we used to call "captive nations" -- are valued members of NATO and represent some of our most stalwart allies in the War on Terror.
Clearly, the French "yes" did not solve everything.
But that Cold War world is long gone.
But the post-industrial core's economy as a whole will continue to be like an airplane with only one working engine.
Privatization will only make matters worse.
The country's population now numbers less than Pakistan's and is declining by 500,000 people per year, leaving large portions of its vast landmass mostly uninhabited.
But Mexico has recently also shown a sharp decline in population growth rates, as Mexican women opt for more birth control and smaller families.
Australia's central bank has already been raising rates since May 2002, and Great Britain's since November 2003.
The natural context for an inquisitorial system is a field where scientific integrity is regularly under threat because research is entangled with political or financial interests.
But personally, I will also remember my grandmother's sentence "Thank God we lost that war!"
Indeed, growth in the 1990's was little more than half the rate recorded in the pre-reform decades of the 1960's and 1970's.
The global economy did not recover that same level of integration until 1970, and even then it remained divided by the Iron Curtain.
The lesson in the open Kryvorizhstal auction is clear: if a president may not act willfully, arbitrarily, by personal prerogative, then no one may.
The UN is comprised of sovereign states, but it is not sovereign itself and cannot act as if it were.
It may thus appear naive and counterproductive to raise the bar and suggest that we need to go beyond trade and move investment to the top of our priority list.
As though it were second nature in French culture, the director presented Shylock's attempt to collect his pound of flesh by recalling the image of the crucifixion.
Japan adopted a similar stance.
China's development in recent years has been magnificent.
The second hurdle stems from the fact that Cambodia's tribunal will be the first internationalized court in which domestic judges form a majority.
The crisis now unfolding raises broad issues concerning democracy and science, the relationship between risk and benefit, and the conflict between imperatives of trade and health.
With their distribution power and detailed knowledge of the market, multinational companies' influence could surely be leveraged to address many development problems, regardless of a country's political or economic legacy.
It also assumed that if the difference between the national inflation rate and the euro-area average exceeded a certain threshold in the month prior to a monetary policy meeting, the Governing Council member would vote in a particular fashion.
In the past, the Geneva Convention prescribed how regular prisoners of war and members of irregular military forces should be treated when apprehended: they are not to be dealt with as criminals.
At around $30 a barrel, oil prices are remaining high even though a soft global economy means that world demand is low.
After World War II, Turkey was a recipient of Marshall Plan aid, joined the Council of Europe in 1949, joined NATO in 1952, became an associate member of the European Union in 1964, applied for membership in the European Community in 1987, and completed a customs union with Europe in 1995.
The recent, much weaker, performance of the Dutch economy is largely explained by strong wage increases, which undermined competitiveness and contributed to job extinction.
I believe that such a swing is necessary.
We have seen ethnic wars and wars fought to make governments stop killing their citizens.
Eastern European cultures were more similar to Western cultures than are Muslim cultures.
The American President's designation of two Britons to be among the first six of 680 prisoners held at the US base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba to face a military trial has been condemned across the political spectrum in the United Kingdom.
Because of higher oil prices, for example, America's spending on oil imports has increased by roughly $50 billion a year -- money that otherwise would have been spent mostly on goods made in America.
Cuba bears a heavy economic burden today not only as a result of its own internal economic mistakes but also because of the barriers to trade and investment imposed by the US since the 1960's.
Governments who allow their political muscles to atrophy cannot cope with such issues.
Canada's government has been more willing to approach North American issues on a bilateral basis than in a tri-national context; furthermore, Canadians are preoccupied with the consequences and aftermath of SARS and mad cow disease, as well as anticipating a new government next year.
Furthermore, the European Border Agency will become operational in 2005.
This twin deficit has taken a severe toll on foreigners' confidence in the fundamental health of the US economy--and hence on the external value of the dollar.
Real interest rates may rise, as America borrows more and more.
However irrational, this is a powerful idea.
Tudjman forged an authoritarian regime that blurred the distinctions between HDZ and state agencies, in particular the army and police.
But it may be a mistake to assume that central bankers in Frankfurt lack regional or national bias.
With Kyoto, the world will spend $150 billion a year on doing little good a century from now.
Waterfowl commonly spread influenza viruses to chickens, although the outcome usually is not serious.
Is not freedom enough?
Of course, not everyone in Europe can be expected to be equally enthusiastic about a stronger euro.
The youngsters who are ravaging France realize that they don't have a future.
Within Taiwan, the debate over constitutional reform has led to disturbing developments.
Vampire panic seized the European public repeatedly in the eighteenth century.
Lula should look to Europe for examples of how to achieve high rates of growth and job creation yet maintain social protection.
Washington believes anti-drug policies will fail, to the benefit of drug dealers, if coca growers continue to identify themselves with nationalists who vindicate the leaf's production.
Defining the church‑state system and its principal features is a right of the citizens of each EU member state.
But even there, the market for vacation homes remains hot in places like Karuizawa, Lake Kawaguchi, and Hakone.
To many of us, the world may seem like an old place.
Neutral foreign observers should be asked to be deployed in major hot spots and be asked to identify anyone on either side who violates any of the agreement's clauses.
Other restrictions of free speech have more recent triggers.
A politically incorrect but rational strategy would be for rich countries to devote resources to developing countries primarily for surveillance.
0.8
Dozens are still on the run, but hope remains that they, too, will face justice.
Improved central bank policy is another huge factor.
But if it happens, it will not result from grassroots democratic experiments in towns and villages; rather, it will be an elite-driven transition, careful to preserve the government's control.
Those disagreements are not only about Israel, or US tariffs on steel imports from the EU, or the possibility of American courts imposing the death penalty on suspected terrorists who carry European passports; they increasingly embody a fundamentally different vision about how the world should work.
Where it suits American interests, international institutions are happily used, and they usually serve European interests.
We should insist that Egypt or Pakistan improve their market system, apply the rule of law, and open their economies to international trade and capital movements.
(There is no way of really knowing just how corrupt left-wing regimes in Cuba, Nicaragua, or Venezuela truly were, or are.)
China's rising trade surplus has led some observers to call for a revaluation of the renminbi to correct what they see as an unfair competitive advantage that China maintains in international markets.
Many would argue -- correctly -- that sovereignty provides no protection for that state.
Monitoring of monetary (and credit) targets would still be important in achieving the inflation objective.
The candidate countries are caught between a rock and a hard place.
Is it more personal, an act of vengeance by a son against the man who attempted to assassinate his father?
Islam Hadhari tries to project the idea that UMNO's materialism and nationalism do not contradict Islam.
And if there were assemblers, they would face the same limitation as the bacteria with which we started our story: they can't travel long distances without hitching a ride, and would simply run out of raw material.
Next week's Commonwealth heads of government summit in Nigeria is a make or break moment for the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), the initiative designed by Africans to modernize Africa's governments and economies.
Until the late 1800's, most of Africa was unexplored and occupied by hunter-gatherers and practitioners of subsistence agriculture.
Let the holdouts undermine his personal credibility and that of the bank?
Local officials remain involved in running listed firms, and while regulatory institutions remain weak, asset stripping on the part of managers and owners is extensive.
The lesson is clear: even high-class businesses are only as professional as the existing institutional infrastructure permits them to be.
They dislike the business leaders who take home huge sums even when they fail, and they hate to see poor and excluded people in their midst.
Little did they appreciate that American voters, having never actually supported spending cuts, would resist.
The silver lining in an amicable break-up of the trade talks is that it would give negotiators a chance to focus on issues that are of much greater significance to developing nations.
Meanwhile, the Hijazis, who originate in Mecca and Medina, hold long-repressed resentments due to their humiliating partial inclusion in Saudi politics.
It built on the Friedman-Hayek conception of rolling back the social-democratic welfare state, but added a new set of ideas to the rudimentary state that remained--a state imbued solely with what Joseph Nye called "hard power."
Violence born from such sources is difficult to fight.
Such organizations remain important, but the reduced cost of communication in the Internet era has opened the field to loosely structured network organizations with little headquarters staff and even to individuals.
If we persevere on our current course, the situation will continue to deteriorate.
Moreover, both benefits and harms of all trials must be published within a reasonable timeframe, and properly designed, non-industry-funded trials are needed to confirm both safety and efficacy.
Indeed, privatization was all the more bizarre as a policy choice because it was doomed in advance: investors clearly would not be attracted to buy assets where property rights might change once a legitimate Iraqi government took over -- a huge impediment to investment in Kosovo as well.
Will it be the legal immigration of easily assimilated people from Central and Eastern Europe, or illegal immigration from the Maghreb?
Other Muslim states seem to grasp this: recently, a Turk was chosen for the first time and by a majority vote to be Secretary General of the Organization of Islamic Countries.
But the inherent value is immeasurable: the ability to grasp who we are, where we came from, and what genes we humans have in common with the rest of the living world.
As a result, they lose their ability over time to evaluate critically their own actions and errors.
But Turkey will not sit idly on Europe's doorstep.
But Germany also swamped world's markets with mass consumption goods: cheaper musical instruments than the traditional makers in France or Italy could produce, and lithographic prints used for Christmas cards and seaside postcards.
In the words of NATO Secretary General Lord Robertson, the EU and NATO are "two halves of the same walnut."
But recipient countries must complement donor efforts, and continue to do their part as well, by maintaining a track record of reform and sound macroeconomic policies, and by making the best possible use of the higher levels of assistance.
Will a war against Iraq help the US in its fight against terrorists, or will it make Americans more vulnerable?
There must be a stop to this zero-sum game and a return to a sane policy based on reason, reciprocity, and compromise.
Mexico's President Vincente Fox will govern through 2006.
At a time when voter apathy and corruption are commonplace across Latin America, Brazilians demonstrated that politics can be relevant and exciting.
In each country, China is nurturing special military and commercial relations intended to promote loyalty to Chinese interests.
So confrontation with the West (even if only rhetorical) is a form of job protection by other means.
In fact, Bush played right into the hands of Osama bin Laden.
In the end, Chancellor Schroder was given a fig leaf to hide his embarrassment in the form of the present managing director, Horst Kohler, whose main qualification for the job is being German, unlike his two predecessors De Larosiere and Camdessus, who were distinguished French inspecteusr de finances, i.e. they belonged to the cream of cream in the bureaucratic elite of France.
Despite nationalist parties' success in France, the same is true of the setback for President Jacques Chirac's centre-right party.
As a result Russia now confronts a situation in which the election of the president is the only political issue.
By declaring war on terror, Bush united the country behind him.
An example of recent progress illustrates what I mean.
The "reformist" bloc will be replaced by Rodina (Motherland), a new patriotic alliance that was created to take votes away from the Communists, and received 9.1% of the vote.
Uribe's victory, and the emerging political consensus that it reflects, was remarkable for its peacefulness, in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when he won the presidency four years ago.
But, while the G-7 countries, which dominate voting at the Bank, all declare their commitment to democracy and good governance -- and espouse promoting them as one of their central objectives -- there is a yawning gap between what they preach and what they practice.
I am writing this in New York in early August, when the mayor declared a "heat emergency" to prevent widespread electricity outages from the expected high use of air conditioners.
Second, who is in charge?
Both projects are audacious.
Forgotten what that treaty is all about?
Neither the Japanese government's responsibility for initiating and continuing the war nor the inhumane treatment that prisoners of war or the subject civilian populations suffered under Japanese rule are adequately acknowledged.
Nothing is more likely to strengthen nationalism and turn it to violence than a sense that one's own homeland is being exploited-kept poor and powerless-by other nations to satisfy their own selfish interests.
It needs little care and brings a secure income.
The US embraced the Shah of Iran, and got the Iranian Revolution. The US embraced, and later toppled, Saddam Hussein, inciting chaos, with an unintended boost for Iran.
No one has any idea how to run a Union of 25 or more member states--not even in terms of basic logistics, starting with the geometric escalation in translation requirements.
The incoming Democratic US Congress has signaled that free trade deals with Peru and Columbia need to be "renegotiated."
Transparency International produces an annual ranking of "corruption perceptions," measuring the public's view of the extent of corruption in a country.
But if you succeed, this will change not only your life but also the lives of many of your people."
Milosevic's Trial Was Not in Vain
In August 2001, President George W. Bush told Americans that he worried about "a culture that devalues life," and that he believed that, as President of the United States, he has "an important obligation to foster and encourage respect for life in America and throughout the world."
In this crisis, the stakes are high, which is why Germany, the UK, and France began negotiations with Iran two years ago with the goal of persuading Iran to abandon its efforts to close the nuclear fuel cycle.
· even before a takeover occurs, managers were supposed to be disciplined by fears of a revolt by their boards of directors, especially when the directors think that the company might be become a target of a hostile takeover;
Changes can always be proposed after a decent interval passes.
A great deal of attention has been paid to the stratagems of John Bolton, the fiercely anti-UN diplomat whom President Bush recently appointed US ambassador to the UN, and rightly so.
It should give member states the chance to develop an approach to Europe that suits their national traditions, within the EU framework.
In its recent decision in Hamdan v. Rumsfeld , the US Supreme Court said "no": Bush's exercise of executive power went too far.
This crisis, too, can be a stepping-stone for a long-term political solution involving all parties in the Middle East.
We were among nine Nigerians staying there.
The recent decision to fine Ryanair, Europe's main budget airline, for its arrangement with local officials in using Charleroi as its main airport in Belgium, is another example of an unfortunate decision that could undermine the Commission's reputation.
The consumption-based economy, to which the capitalist West had apparently succumbed, was written off as a paper tiger.
Indeed, one lesson of the efforts since 2001 is that there is no way to avoid broad cooperation.
Last week, Chirac decided to raise the stakes in the European crisis by going on the offensive against Britain.
Yet, despite these robust changes, poverty remains widespread, inequality abysmal, and social resentment is on the rise.
In 1971, Philip Handler, then the president of the US National Academy of Science, called DDT is "the greatest chemical that has ever been discovered."
Holland's problems were mainly structural, although a cyclical economic downturn made matters worse.
In the 20
But we placed amateurs in charge of dealing with Ukraine -- amateurs with far-reaching commercial interests.
Liberia and Iraq both demonstrate the need for this kind of freestanding capacity, as 21st century geopolitics is likely to continue to be more preoccupied with nation-building intervention in the aftermath of conflict than with wars between states.
But there are holes in this case.
But matters within Euroland may also worsen: the Stability Pact, with its de facto separate rules for large and small countries, will almost certainly be replaced.
Yet democracy has absolutely nothing to do with American policy in Central Asia, where US oil companies and diplomats trip over each other promoting deals in despotic Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.
In fact, the pressures only added to the station's popularity among Arab viewers.
As Justice Stevens wrote, "The crime of ‘conspiracy' . . . does not appear in either the Geneva Conventions or the Hague Conventions -- the major treaties on the law of war."
Too often in the past, development banks developed a lending culture in which success was judged by loan growth, not poverty reduction.
Gore's film would give the Europeans, always in danger of being marginalized at these meetings, the chance to boast about how they, unlike the Americans and Russians, are already doing their part by heavily taxing gas consumption.
George Soros can bet on a run on the British pound.
Such people are dying not because early death is inevitable, but because they cannot afford the medicines to keep themselves alive.
As well as happily receiving requests from individual social, political or military representatives within the target areas, the USAID-sponsored program invited NGOs to submit their own proposals.
Sometimes I think of myself as an expert in comparative occupation studies.
Of course, the Administration never puts it that way; with an energy policy forged by the oil companies, Archer Daniels Midland and other ethanol producers are just playing along in a corrupt system of campaign-contributions-for-subsidies.
Mounting authoritarianism in Russia and Ukraine's Orange Revolution seem to have ended the honeymoon the two men had enjoyed.
Nigeria's role in providing a safe haven for Taylor is peculiar.
The right way to do this would be to work with a population where everybody is anonymous.
But Schröder was elected because he promised to be more dynamic than Kohl.
Nepal's 15-year experiment with democracy now seems over.
Without monetary policy, fiscal policy or supply side reforms, how else can Japan return to growth except by a depreciation-driven export boom?
That would represent an extra 3-4 million barrels per day on top of today's production, or roughly $30-40 billion per year--enough not only to restore basic services, but to achieve big improvements in living standards and economic growth in the medium term.
The accompanying intellectual debate, inaugurated by the philosophers Jürgen Habermas and Jacques Derrida, defined the nature of European identity, above all, against the foil of the United States, but also in terms of the challenges posed by globalization.
"How could this happen here?" was the question more pertinently asked in Great Britain recently, as its universities witnessed the unfolding of an all-too-real and perplexing action.
Building a novel bridge, especially in the wake of a spectacular failure, forces engineers to think from scratch and also to think more deeply and critically.
WMD's in Saddam's possession were but one in a sequence of arguments.
In 2006, the euro-zone economies may have grown by 2.7% on average, and should grow by 2.2% in 2007.
This year, or next year, it may at last become clear that the gulf between federalists and nationalists is too deep to be bridged.
It has now joined the growing list of the world's failed states and can at best be described as a potential federation of three states plus the unruly city of Baghdad.
The notion of specific &quot;Chavist&quot; growth can also be challenged.
Similar policies need to be adopted by a greater number of countries to enable them to address their energy challenges in a more effective way.
In the US, a wise constitutional amendment forces even popular presidents to retire after two terms.
Similarly, transparency would be encouraged if only payments that are fully documented were tax deductible.
In Venezuela, keeping his former comrades in arms happy is obviously a concern for Chávez.
The rhetoric applied to Israel becomes ever more extreme, and conducive to hatred.
But a majority of Muslim scholars, including such eminent men as the Sheikh of Al Azhar in Cairo and the influential Qatar-based Sheikh Qaradawi, believe that Islam is compatible with democracy, at least as they define it: respect for the rule of law, equality between citizens, a fair distribution of wealth, justice, and freedom of expression and assembly.
Why do International Human Rights Conventions stipulate that the law should prohibit speech that supports national, racial, or religious hatred?
As global environmental problems frequently create additional stresses on the local resource bases of the world's poorest people, GNP growth in rich countries can fuel downward pressure on the wealth of the poor.
Political leaders should also seek to stabilize defense budgets by creating separate funds for unforeseen multilateral peacekeeping operations, like the Balkans and Afghanistan, and by putting defense planning on a multi-year rather than an annual cycle.
The debt burden destroyed consumer confidence and undermined the banking system, crippling the economy.
We know that basic education should be a free public good.
Like Japan, the Bush administration's relatively moderate stance toward North Korea has changed since the talks broke down last year.
Of course, the US government does its share, too, and more.
Everything indicates that this will be enough for Lula to win re-election.
When containment has been abandoned, America has paid a high price.
But everything Kuchma's cabal says mocks the truth. For as Kuchma's government mouths its platitudes, its cronies loot the national patrimony, handing it over to family and friends while they desecrate, plunder and sell the nation's independence to the highest bidder.
As in other parts of the world, culture in these countries has shown its vibrancy and also its capacity to adjust to changing conditions.
The Cyprus problem has reached a critical turning point, following a peace proposal put on the table by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan with a deadline impending at the end of February.
As the latest round of enlargement proves, the EU is very effective at molding the governance and behavior of would-be members.
Throughout the 20
But it is deeds that matter.
France does have affirmative action programs, but they address poverty, not ethnicity.
Bush bears much responsibility for this.
Together, the conventions and protocols form what is misleadingly called international humanitarian law (IHL), but which in fact regulate war--seeking to limit its effects, regardless of the rights and wrongs involved, and to restrict its methods, even in battles undertaken in a just cause.
Moreover, the country recently witnessed a spate of environmental accidents.
In the Middle East, the Iraq war is widely interpreted as a war for US control of Persian Gulf oil -- a rather plausible view given what we know about the war's true origins.
These structural changes have put most Latin American economies on a sound footing, reducing their vulnerability to external shocks, such as deceleration in world economic growth, higher international interest rates, and lower commodity prices.
The report is critical of the organization's performance on genocide in Bosnia, Rwanda, and Darfur, as well as the late response to HIV/AIDS.
Although Madonna has said that she will bring him back to Malawi to see his father again, he will scarcely be able to feel at home there.
Few rich countries do better than the US.
The Constitution consigns these complexities to history.
All of this brings to mind one of the great Spanish director Luis Buñuel's late films.
Clumsy and amateurish, the dilettante's actions harm the interests he aims to advance.
This is a difficult task, given that some of our systems have been in place for many years, often entrenched in law.
Whether someone is charismatic or not, voters want a figurehead, and preferably one with celebrity value.
The first condition is a settled territorial arrangement.
A new constitution, backed by a national referendum, is part of this drive to reshape Taiwan's identity and distinguish the new generation of politicians from those who arrived as exiles from the mainland.
In 2001, workers from low- and middle-income countries sent home a staggering $43 billion--more than double the level of a decade earlier and $5 billion more than that year's total official foreign aid to these countries.
If historical truth is not restored, the lessons cannot be learned.
Suddenly, he has reduced himself to KGB President, jeopardizing the very political stability he sought to guarantee.
As a sweetener, Japan was offered £5 million.
However, in late December 2004, the national election tribunal, sitting in Abuja, the capital, ruled that while the election had been free and fair in most parts of the country, the number of votes was larger than the population in Ogun, the President's home state.
Non-believers often have as strong and sound a sense of right and wrong as anyone, and have worked to abolish slavery and contributed to other efforts to alleviate human suffering.
Japan's decline has been palpable.
Even without reforms, they will be able to afford a civilized form of life for many years to come.
Perhaps this is just politics in the era of modern media.
An active search is on for new models.
In the world-circus the poet looks like an Augustus the Fool, ill-equipped for everyday life in which his fellow men offer and receive their share of edible reality.
Those elections would have been unthinkable in Nazi Germany.
Homophobia serves not only to discriminate against homosexuals, but to keep everybody--men and women, gay and straight alike--firmly in their place.
At the same time, as the British have shown, groups like al-Qaeda are best dealt with by good intelligence.
While such interventions by governments, non-government groups and international agencies have helped, the time has now come to scale up the effort.
US policy was (and remains) aimed primarily at the "war on drugs," to be fought mainly by Colombians themselves.
But Putin's interventions in the UN Security Council over Iraq have been far more moderate than, say, those of France and Germany, two of America's historic allies. This is so even though Russia has vital national interests to protect in Iraq, including real fears about regional instability spreading into Russia's south, with its millions of Muslim citizens.
In the early 1990's, the Fed, and many others, thought that the NAIRU was around 6%-6.2%.
In my 2003 book The New Financial Order, I proposed that such units be called "baskets," since a consumer price index is the price of a representative market basket of goods and services.
Thus, perestroika took place in a void.
But even bigger problems -- housing and street crime -- also existed, so nothing was done about them.
Or is the system simply that of a conniving authoritarian?
The summit will bring home to even the greatest skeptics that when it comes to managing our long-term security, there is no alternative to Europe and North America acting together. Tackling Terrorism: The events of September 11
If this meant that the Tribunal was intended to deter further violence, then it failed, at least in the short run.
Indeed, among the World Bank's six "Governance Indicators," China's score on the "Rule of Law" index has also slid in recent years, from -0.28 in 1998 to -0.47 in 2005, when China ranked 124th out of 208 countries in this category.
The Chechens hope that adopting a constitution, followed by the election of a Chechen president, will spare them the horrors of purge and arrests that would invariably have followed had either side secured a military victory.
The last factor is the desperately low rate of saving that is endemic in the Americas.
In other words, the current crisis reflects a deeper, constitutional flaw.
America's economy remains on the brink of a double dip recession, the dollar is weak, and Wall Street seems unable to recover.
Indeed, he even angered the United States, Taiwan's only military protector, by his frequent confrontational tactics, such as pushing Taiwan towards independence, which runs counter to America's longstanding "One-China" policy.
The large numbers of human subjects in research are an outgrowth of the legitimate need for more and better health care throughout our ever-lengthening lifespans.
Bringing in Britain is an admission of that fact.
Just like we meant it when we cheered Nicolae Ceausescu - both when he spoke and when he was executed. We are good at cheering.
As a lawyer and legislator since 1989, she enjoys a privileged role in developing the strategies of her husband's government.
Democracy is increasingly seen as a mere ritual.
The Privatization of War
Remember, these are the type of people who once thought that selling dog food over the internet was a brilliant business strategy, and that by 2010 Qualcomm would be able to sell two mobile phones a year to everyone in the northern hemisphere.
Although the postwar population boom and heavy regulation meant that real estate prices in many countries went up more often than down, a sudden collapse of the property market--such as happened in Japan a decade ago--may dramatically reduce the value of most people's savings.
Moreover, in recent years, Latin American economies have gone through important economic transformations that have increased their resilience.
The ECB is accelerating the pace of normalization at precisely the right moment. The danger is that it will be blamed if European growth falters.
For Brazil to play a bigger role as regional economic leader, greater cooperation with its neighbors in suitable infrastructure projects and expanded markets will be needed.
This was all the more relevant to the extent that Pope John Paul II is not enamored with the United States.
But they don't question long hours and dire working conditions.
Multi-national advertisers who covet the huge Saudi market were informed in no uncertain terms that they would lose hefty contracts if they advertised on Al Jazeera.
These fears incite anger and xenophobia, even though everyone knows that globalization cannot be conquered by kicking out foreigners.
All of the factors that we identified are less influential for facts, procedures, and narratives.
America must decide the size of its public health programs and how to finance them.
Hal had to work longer hours than ever before, and he still had to sharply cut back on household expenditures across the board.
Ukrainians have endured the worst that man can do to his fellow man: Stalin's orchestrated famines of the 1930's and the Nazi slaughterhouse of World War II.
Civic groups and the court will need to develop creative outreach strategies to target the predominantly rural population to ensure that all Cambodians have the opportunity to understand these proceedings.
France is blocking the acquisition of French utilities by the Italian electricity company Enel. Together with other European governments, France is also agitating against the takeover of the Luxembourg-based steel company Arcelor by a Netherlands company largely controlled by an Indian steel magnate.
Royal's chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters, and her lack of direct association with the party's leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes.
Phrases like "apartheid state" and "Zionism is racism," unthinkable in liberal discourse a few years ago, have become routine.
In fact, America has been eager for some time to ``establish order'' in the world and modernize particularly troublesome regimes in highly strategic regions of the world.
The evening proceeded along the expected anodyne trajectory until a Lebanese academic raised the issue of the right of Palestinian refugees to return to Israel.
But for reform to succeed, a little old-fashioned solidarity extended Eastwards now is the best way to ensure the commitment of the EU's newest members to European integration.
This requires jobs to be rewarding in more than pecuniary ways - enlisting the minds of employees, engaging them in problem solving, leading them to discover some of their talents and expanding their abilities.
However, protocols and political treaties are not sufficient to boost integration.
As people at last began to hope for more liberal and decent societies, the US continued to endorse the regimes that were repressing them.
To Serbia's credit, the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget, but it took the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars.
To a large extent, they are shared by followers of former President Jorge Quiroga and Samuel Doria Medina as well.
Confidence in the IMF was at an all time low. It had badly mismanaged the East Asian crisis, the Russian crisis, and the Brazilian crisis.
If the thought of Dracula and vampires makes us shiver, then the vampire myth still fulfills its functions for us: as a projection of our fears and uncertainties, sexual desires, group and personal animosities, and longing for the dissolution of the structure of society.
But how can the benefits of a global patent system that provides incentives for innovation and new discoveries be combined with an assurance that poor people gain access to the medical care that they desperately need?
Israel, after all, is a "reliable enemy" for Saudi Arabia, having destroyed Nasser's Egyptian army in 1967 -- a time when the Saudis were fighting Egypt by proxy in Yemen.
The reason for this concentration at the top is obvious: the richest clubs are now able to attract the best players in the world.
So, as global economic growth continues, and as household incomes rise in today's most populous emerging countries, demand -- and thus prices -- for vacation homes in beautiful places, either at home or abroad, will most likely soar.
Chen can remain in office until his term ends in 2008, or he could resign now in order to let his vice president and pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) rebuild to win the next election.
So the disappointed and disaffected search for an Islam that meets their expectations.
Western Germany's occupation forces not only set an example of how this vision could be achieved, but found the right people and the right institutions to bring about reconstruction and progress.
But what type?
There is also an American proposal to allow the Badr Brigade -- a wing of the Palestine Liberation Army that is currently stationed in Jordan -- to relocate to the Palestinian territories as Abbas's rapid reaction force in Gaza in anticipation of a feared civil war.
The comparison between the late 1990's and early 2000's in America and in Western Europe compels us to reflect on how fragile the underlying institutional mechanisms needed to support rapid economic growth truly are. Western Europe and the US are both post-industrial democracies.
In this area, as in many others, Europe can lead by example and offer an alternative to American (and French) constitutional separationism. It can be a living illustration that religion is no longer afraid of democracy and that democracy is no longer afraid of religion.
The crises that erupted later that year undermined confidence in the IMF and led to discussions about "reforming the global financial architecture."
With short-term interest rates locked at zero, pressure for further appreciation would leave the PBC helpless to re-expand the economy.
Outsiders must remind America that its pension system is a ticking time bomb that must be defused.
It would thus appear that there is nothing wrong with China continuing to buy new equipment, build new factories, and construct new roads and bridges as fast as its can.
Some believe that China cannot rise peacefully, and will seek hegemony in East Asia, leading to conflict with the United States and Japan.
He declared in London recently that "the credibility of the UN depends on a willingness to keep its word and to act when action is required."
Following Chile's example, governments also could redefine the tax system in terms of the units of account rather than currency.
Other developed nations with emissions close to those of the US include Australia, Canada, and Luxembourg.
Even before Arafat's death, Abbas argued that the use of force by militants weakens the Palestinian negotiating position.
As a starting point, the RCB should be charged with projecting inflation, formulate policies to stabilize prices, and either implement those polices or explain why it cannot and who could do so.
In fact, sometimes the second generation cultivates its difference from the mainstream culture more aggressively than the original immigrants.
But in the end, the effectiveness of our advice hinges on countries' willingness to act on our recommendations.
Every hill will become strategic, and every gully will become historic. They will be fought for, and bloodshed is not hard to imagine.
They take care of the household and children themselves.
Then the carcass is singed on a fire and cut into pieces according to the different cuts of meat.
Post-election talk abounds about higher wealth taxes, business taxes, and an increase in value-added tax--precisely the opposite of what Germany's economy needs.
An explicit remedy is to raise revenues through higher contributions, increased labor force participation, stronger productivity growth, or larger transfers from general tax revenue.
It is a legitimate point, but if ocean levels start rising, as the Stern Report predicts, a lot of our children will be swimming to work some day.
In short, there are psychological and moral failures at all levels -- individuals, firms, unions, insurance companies, and governments.
Many people in the candidate countries have long been convinced that their countries won't be admitted to the EU as equals.
But such energy and commitment is utterly lacking where Berlusconi's wider reform agenda is concerned.
European governments know this.
Today, migrants and their families often pay 10% or more of the remittances in fees to financial institutions that transfer funds and exchange currencies.
True, Ukrainians rightly feel like citizens of a normal, independent country, and want to be treated that way.
However, whichever administration governs Iraq in the future must be prepared to face up to an environmental debt--the cost of restoring what can be restored--that will be a substantial liability for years to come.
For the world's democracies, there is no greater or more important task.
But the problem won't go away.
I prefer the term "Roma."
In the panel's words, the UN was created above all "to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war," but today the biggest security threats we face "go far beyond states waging aggressive war.
&quot;No,&quot; said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow, newly appointed as one of George W. Bush's closest aides, his Press Secretary, when asked recently about his retirement savings.
The goal should be to redefine sovereignty for the era of globalization, to find a balance between a world of fully sovereign states and an international system of either world government or anarchy.
We have learned the hard way that closed political systems breed resentment and extremism aimed against the interests of America, the West, and, indeed, the entire world.
We would train people to go around examining these mice and diagnose high blood pressure, diabetes, greed, and so forth.
By the end of the century, Japan's remarkable performance not only made the Japanese wealthy, but also enhanced the country's soft power.
Since then, the deficit has widened dramatically, to 2.7% of GDP in 1999, 3.5% in 2001, and an estimated 4.7% this year.
Over a trillion barrels of reserves have been proven, and more are likely to be found.
These are all feasible targets; if they are met, then Brazil's government debt will be a stable 60% of GDP.
Software prevents users from posting politically sensitive words, and provocative content that gets past the automated controls is frequently removed.
Many studies, including those that I did for the World Health Organization, show that for a modest amount of money worldwide, perhaps an extra $50 - $100 billion per year in aid from rich countries, the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved.
Putin cultivated Kim when other leaders neglected him.
The US and Europe should insist OPEC avoid any disruptions in oil supplies or pricing.
While each has different motives, none of the causes they espouse justify their acts.
Today, this seems to be the major dividing line between Islam and the West, because many Muslims reject the secular state.
While trade produces frictions in democracies, it also enhances wealth.
Last year, a US Department of Defense report noted that China's defense expenditures appear to be much higher than acknowledged by the Chinese government.
The EU directive does not regulate social and behavioral research while the US. does not regulate research that is privately funded and not related to drug licensing.
More than 70% of such companies were unprofitable and were propped up by government subsidy.
If not made mandatory, insurance must at least be promoted effectively.
Admittedly, Brazil may soon elect a president that global financial markets do not like; but if international financial markets take precedence over democratic choice, the system is undoubtedly flawed.
But Germany has also lost much, including the many US troops who will now reportedly be re-deployed to bases in other countries.
But in the 1950s and 1960s, before the introduction of generous child allowances to large families, fertility rates among the same group were significantly lower--just three children per woman.
The federal court ruled that under the Geneva Conventions, Hamdan, as a prisoner of war, was entitled to a court hearing that followed the same procedures as one judging soldiers of the detaining power, that is, an American court martial.
There are, of course, other amusing anecdotes. What is not amusing is the end result: the poppy eradication program achieved the opposite to what was intended.
The debate over therapeutic cloning is, of course, hardly limited to the US and Italy.
She is far from being a weak contender, and she is a fast learner with a strong campaign team.
At the same time, giving up sovereignty for the sake of integration is tough for the new members from Eastern Europe that only a decade ago wrested the right to govern themselves from Soviet control.
Germany certainly became assertive, owing mostly to the social pressures and tensions incited by rapid economic growth.
In England, prescriptions of anti-depressants now match Valium at its peak in 1979.
Is Democracy Possible in the Arab World?
Georgia simply does not, and cannot, collect sufficient taxes to do the job itself.
Such instances indicate that an attitudinal change on the part of political leaders towards a more market-oriented, private-sector-friendly policy framework often plays as large a role in boosting economic growth as the scope of actual institutional reform.
Indeed, one of the more striking features of the tsunami disaster was that it caught some of the most glamorous vacation resorts completely unprepared.
The answer is that the underlying trend of productivity growth in the American economy continues to be exceptionally positive.
He tried to make a profit in microfinance in order to prove these neglected people's creditworthiness, so that he could continue lending to them.
None of the Middle East's problems has a military solution, and none can be solved through unilateral action.
Last weekend's announcement that Iraqi lawmakers have finally formed a unity government is welcome news, both for Iraq and for George W. Bush and Tony Blair.
These words were echoed on the eve of the introduction of the single currency.
Every developed country learned this lesson domestically decades ago, but the world has yet to learn it internationally.
Terror is a shadowy enemy.
In response, the government has urged managers to publish their incomes and abolished the bank secrecy laws that were once considered sacrosanct.
More intensive use of Africa's energy resources will necessarily be a critical component of any realistic development strategy.
But I cannot (and do not) then complain if my income does not grow faster and faster.
So by the time Italy's six-month presidency of the EU concludes, the rude reception Berlusconi received at the European Parliament may find an echo at home.
The benefits of such growth for present regional EU members will more than outweigh the direct budget costs linked to enlargement.
In order to ensure a credible process, Cambodia and the UN must select judges of the highest caliber, not those that toe a party line.
The process does not constitute a unified, reasoned debate so much as an ongoing political auction in which special interests seek votes for the policy change that will benefit them.
So unity is needed to rebuild Africa.
So a country where labor productivity is low will become an attractive location for foreign direct investment, and the resulting increase in the capital-labor ratio will raise productivity.
It turns out that the German Army Chief of Staff Helmuth von Moltke was eager for war in the summer of 1914.
In fact, there is evidence that this is now happening.
The good news for those who desire stability and democracy in Iraq is that an amorphous, disorganized, and nihilistic insurgency cannot "win" in the traditional sense of replacing the government and forming a new regime.
Rivero and journalist Oscar Espinosa Chepe, 62, are both ill, their families tell visitors.
Similarly, after the abuses of Iraqi detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison were disclosed, the views of Amnesty International and the International Committee of the Red Cross put pressure on the Bush administration both at home and abroad.
Yet, when it comes to protecting this global treasure, these countries are expected to shoulder the burden by themselves.
Would things be the same if the bill were called "Regulation 75"?
Everyone knew that Kadima would win and form a coalition with the moderate left Labor party, which managed a respectable second-place finish.
A similar bridging role could perhaps be played by Russia with respect to China and India, with which we should establish maximally close relations.
Break to Avoid a Breakup
In an interview with Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, for example, Bundesbank president Axel Weber made it clear that future rate hikes were very much on the table.
Surely, everybody must know that Turkey has always identified itself as a European state and was recognized as such by the rest of Europe decades ago.
Not without reason.
In some European countries, like France and Ireland, the population will actually rise. But in others there will be steep falls.
But while official attention to rural poverty is music to the ears of the poor, experience shows that such promises are usually inadequate.
Psychologists are quick to point out that whenever humans experience strong emotions, cognitions--thoughts, memories, expectations, beliefs, and interpretation of the situation--help form the experience.
Is the European Union imploding?
So Putin, who usually seems omnipotent, remains wary of issuing an invitation to Pope Benedict.
But if it is always regarded as relevant, the worst damage may be avoided.
Since health care costs for those over 65 are approximately four times higher than for those under 65, aging societies place massive claims on medical resources.
While pragmatism has come to dominate northern Europe's socialist parties since the 1930's -- and, after the 1957 Congress of Bad Godesberg, the Germany's Social Democratic Party (SPD) as well -- a preference for revolutionary ideology has always prevailed, at least on the rhetorical level, among French socialists.
Given magnitude of settlement and the power of vested interests, a forced evacuation of the occupied territories is unthinkable.
The risk to home prices in the aftermath of a bubble is real and substantial.
This is the state of mind that Bush sought to foster when he declared that those who are not "with us" are with the terrorists.
It has to do with a deep, historic, structural reality.
The IMF Comes to Germany
The commission of war crimes may trigger international intervention à la Kosovo or East Timor.
European unemployment, for example, appears to be half again as high as in the US.
To begin, residual problems from the end of the earlier era of colonization, usually the result of untidy exits by the colonial power, still remain dangerously stalemated.
When Ronaldinho and Messi, or Kaka and Shevchenko, play together, their combined "output" (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if he played in a different club with less talented co-players.
University classes become larger, which means that students are taught less effectively.
A credible system to manage Indonesia's new decentralized system is needed.
Saudi Arabia fits this description to a tee.
My own starting point for understanding schizophrenia is the observation that, in some cases, the "voices" that patients hear are clearly their own.
Some were refugees from the East, many had their homes destroyed in air raids, almost all grieved for lost loved ones.
Russia is tactically necessary. But the outside world's assessment of Russia's policies and prospects are visibly changing for the worse.
The Soviet system was particularly inept at handling information.
The key to energy security is diversity -- of pipelines as well as sources of supply.
Did the US ask for dominion over a single nation in Europe?
Only people linked to the regime appear to differ.
But will the new government exploit this unique opportunity for reform?
But during his campaign Yushchenko assured Russophones that he would uphold such rights.
Most Democratic politicians, too, subscribe to it for fear of being branded as weak on defense.
Likewise, Russia's effort to expand its influence in the energy-rich countries of Central Asia is aimed at consolidating Russia's stature as a major energy supplier.
Only in this way can this war against the world of the Enlightenment, which is the modern world that stretches across all the oceans and, yes, embraces all its faiths, be won.
Writers, journalists, and artists could no longer stand the heavy-handed censorship and supervision.
However there is some ambiguity about what they should do when the claims of the state clash with those of the umma (the worldwide community of Islam).
Economic growth must encompass all regions of the country, and people must have equal social guarantees, rights, and opportunities regardless of their place of residence.
The stabilizing effect of such asset purchases is due not to any mechanical consequence of the shift in portfolio balances, but to a change in private_sector expectations regarding future interest_rate policy.
· Establishing a Monitoring Group of force planners, based within the Council of Ministers secretariat, to co�ordinate the peer group pressure that should encourage governments to improve their military capabilities.
The events of September 11th hit America because of who Americans are, and those events transformed the moral horizon of the world community.
The idea is not that Brazil should seek to implement the Dutch social-economic model--the countries are too different for that.
It is generally agreed that the summit was largely a failure.
Despite shunning Marxism/Leninism in favour of "juche" in 1967, the Soviet subsidies kept North Korea's economy above water until 1991.
They had, as it were, only history on their side.
But governments, fearing the expense of wage insurance if a lot of people exploit it, have not been willing to implement it on a large scale.
In the EU we have " regulations," "directives," "decisions," "general guidelines," "common strategies," "common actions," "common positions" - a myriad that only experts can comprehend.
They must turn to the IMF, and the IMF is more concerned with international financial stability than with enabling developing countries to pursue the countercyclical policies needed to avoid recession.
We need to look at individuals within an individual country to understand the true power of "Islamic values" in shaping a society.
But if the recovery is to be sustained credit must be expanded, either by creating new financial institutions or by expanding existing ones.
This is undoubtedly why the Pakistani government refused an Indian offer to send in helicopters for relief work in and around Muzaffarabad, the flattened capital of Pakistani-administered Kashmir.
It would be benefit all parties to start another motor.
This blithe attitude is ultimately behind real estate bubbles where they are occurring.
It is now four centuries since the birth of a masterpiece whose author and hero both seem younger than we do.
Unlike my loan to Hal, the IMF usually does ask government officials to show how they plan to put their country back on its feet.
Similarly, it led Bush to his declared objective of cutting imports from the region by 75% over the next two decades.
The text mostly replicates the structure of Convention Chairman Valery Giscard d'Estaing's "skeleton" Constitution, presented last November, and the conclusions reached by the Convention's working groups.
Proximity to this lawless territory has helped make Moldova the poorest land in Europe.
Like Portugal in the 1980's, they adopted semi-presidential systems that so reduce presidential authority and increase the parliament's powers that they are most accurately described as "parliamentarized semi-presidential" systems.
Rogozin very clearly articulates his positions on these issues, which are in variance with official policy - at least the one presented to the public.
Obviously, some norms do eventually enlist the consent and support of those toward whom they are directed.
The Bush doctrine's bedrock notion is that of "pre-emptive war," a doctrine that lacks international legitimacy and that therefore can usually count on only a limited number of allies.
The first thing to do is to drop the metaphor of a "war on terrorism."
Well, most candidate countries have already achieved a high degree of structural convergence with the EU.
But it's a community that is good to belong to -- provided that people want it and that it makes historical sense for them.
Indeed, although the Internet's coverage in China has been expanding steadily, the Communist Party's ability to censor it has grown even faster, thanks to Western technology.
Government cannot solve these problems on its own.
Kill! Kill!" and "May a big sword decapitate the Japanese!"
Over the last decade we moved from complete aversion to the idea of reform to a policy of mutant reforms pursued for corrupt motives, to the gradual adaptation of legitimate Western practices.
Since political independence in 1960, politics has revolved round Nigeria's major ethnic groups -- the Igbo and Yoruba in the south, and the Hausa and Fulani in the north.
On the contrary, the international community must be ready to enforce the most sacrosanct rules of peaceful coexistence, and sometimes this may include resorting to the use of force.
The great Eurasian civilizations were all dependent on agriculture and needed to create institutional means of tying labor, which was then scarce, to the land, which was abundant.
But property rights and contracts are threatened at many levels.
That is a pity, because as British Prime Minister Tony Blair recently observed, over the long term, "there is no issue more important than climate change," and there can be no agreement to reduce it "that doesn't involve China, America and India."
Relations with China have improved over the years on both sides of the Atlantic.
Egypt's political elite, fearful of critical media coverage, defeat in fair elections, and even imprisonment, prefer the existing regime and oppose any significant reform.
Many generations of Poles dreamt of the day when Europe's postwar division would be undone.
Contrary to appearances, open sectoralism is not a first step to more comprehensive trade agreements.
Some of the most important - South Korea and Taiwan since the early 1960s, China since the late 1970s, India since the early 1980s - have done extremely well under heterodox arrangements.
Anti-Americanism could also rally support to his side.
We can gain some zoological perspective on what that number really means by comparing another species to apes and humans.�Compared to the body of an oyster, for example, chimpanzees and humans are at least 99% identical -- bone for bone, muscle for muscle, nerve for nerve, organ for organ.�If anything, the DNA comparison underestimates the profound similarity of the human and ape bodies in the great tapestry of nature.
The environmental movement's supposedly key concept is "sustainable development."
Sometimes international support must take the form of financial assistance; at other times a similar effect can be achieved through expressions of commitment.
We have seen Enron-style fraud from corporate management, Arthur Anderson-style smoke and mirrors from accountants, and now Putnam Funds-style market-timing irregularities from mutual funds.
As one of Gorbachev's aides later testified, "The Beatles were our quiet way of rejecting ‘the system' while conforming to most of its demands."
Such depositor panic adds to the banking crisis; foreign investors may suddenly flee, as visions of easy wealth turn into financial panic.
It is global, technologically sophisticated, but, above all, it is not about an achievable political objective.
Why should the search for Wolfensohn's successor be limited to an American (and especially an American loyal to a particular political party)?
So alarming are conditions in Colombia nowadays that some Americans worry about the country becoming another Vietnam.
When "state failures" occur, they are often followed by costly military interventions of the US and its allies.
With all his credit cards at their limit, and all his cash gone, Hal finally came to me for a loan.
It is not surprising that attitudes diverged so soon after the initial solidarity that followed the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington in September 2001.
While I've done more than the mayor requested, setting it at 82F (27C), I'm still part of a feedback loop. I deal with the heat by using more energy, which leads to burning more fossil fuel, putting more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere and heating up the planet more.
That name is very simple, and it conveys a new conceptual framing: by promising to pay someone so many baskets at a future date, one is promising to pay in market baskets of goods and services.
All countries will have to give; no country can be expected to carry the burden alone.
In all likelihood, they will become more vociferous and vituperative before they mellow, because public opinion seems to be rewarding stances and tones such as theirs.
The Thais flew consular and embassy officials to the affected areas, aware of the sense of helplessness among those stranded far from home.
But, like medical doctors' Hippocratic oath, America and others must pledge to do no harm in promoting democracy.
In each case, the target was an elite that has sold out to capitalism and/or cosmopolitanism, and that was oblivious of the economic plight of common people, as well as their identity and traditions.
Many fishing techniques now in use--bottom trawls foremost among them--literally tear up the habitat upon which fish depend.
If Europe's foreign and defense policies succeed, NATO should become more European.
The key issue here is whether Al Jazeera, as well as American TV stations, are truthful in what they say.
There is an important parallel to this situation: in 1992, Danes surprisingly voted No to the Maastricht Treaty.
In his later work, Darwin introduced another selection criteria that may be just as important, but which has received much less attention: mating preference, or sexual selection.
But there will be no new initiatives on integration until leaders in the countries that rejected the Constitutional Treaty are ready for a new try.
Sustainable Medicine
But the world needs to look beyond even these issues.
Whether describing genes for the color of flowers in pea plants or the shape of the fruit fly's wings, geneticists at the beginning of the last century believed that each gene governed one unique characteristic.
Two years ago, the picture looked a bit brighter.
But for Uribe's consensus to outlast him and become a truly viable model for the continent, he knows that he must win the hearts and minds of Colombia's disaffected rural population.
But my loan did help, eventually Hal's business recovered, my nephew was born and--much later--the apartment remodeling project came to a successful conclusion.
We need to make certain that market prices for energy use reflect the true social costs of using energy, so that energy users and energy suppliers make better choices regarding energy efficiency, the development of alternative energy sources, and the adoption of environmentally safe technologies.
The Turks of Berlin, the Bangladeshis of Bradford, the North Africans of the suburbs of Paris have not blended into the surrounding societies.
Fifth, immigration can be treated either as a step towards the full integration of migrants, or as a transitional phase in their lives.
People move about the globe cheaply and with relative ease.
The experts rated responses to climate change extremely low on the "to do" list.
Neo-conservatives writers like Max Boot argue that the US should provide troubled countries with the sort of enlightened foreign administration once provided by self-confident Englishmen in pith helmets.
Initially, most nations exiting from Communism reached out, almost instinctively, to their immediate pre-Communist period.
That means accepting and dealing with globalization.
Of course, not all foreign-aid money is well spent.
It was part of a system of dealing with prisoners put in place by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
It also requires greater coordination among all the European Union's member states and their allies and partners.
What could revive that habit?
Economic globalization created turmoil throughout the world at the end of the twentieth century, but the Western market economies were able to re-allocate labor to services, restructure their heavy industries, and switch to computers.
"It is the policy of the United States to seek and support the growth of democratic movements and institutions in every nation and culture," Bush declared, "with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world."
Insofar as this freedom is crucial to their identity, they identify strongly with this ongoing collective agency--the "nation" or the "people"--and hence feel a bond with their co-participants in it.
Their proposal was categorically rejected in a joint submission by 16 existing or future member states, all of them small countries, who insisted that the principle of rotation must be retained, as a symbol of the equality of all member states.
There is no clear recognition of the fact that Europe's soft power means little unless it is allied with the hard power of the US.
"More than half of this battle is taking place on the battlefield of the media, [for] we are in a media battle in a race for the hearts and minds of [Muslims]."
Economic reconstruction is more accurately thought of as economic renewal .
India's ancient and medieval history is notoriously malleable.
Traditional pro-capitalist right-wing parties would welcome such reforms.
Anatomy of Chavez
Some researchers are finding that long-lasting injury signals in neural pathways can change the way those pathways function, and over long periods of time, relentless signals of injury can even alter neural structures themselves.
Ultimately, power remains the ability to coerce.
Other ESC members could enhance their participation by forming groups based on geographical proximity or political criteria (non-NATO EU members could share a seat).
The US and UN are both acting on the basis of a naïve hope that Karzai's legitimacy problem can somehow be "finessed."
For we are engaged not in revolution, but in peaceful democratic evolution.
Another major area of ignorance concerns the extent to which results generated in specialized mental health settings can be transferred to primary care, where the majority of patients with depression are treated.
Such a reference, it is said, would run afoul of the common European constitutional tradition of state neutrality in matters of religion.
Europe faces an historic opportunity.
As stated in the so-called Giovannini Report to the European Commission, "The post-trade landscape could be significantly improved by market-led convergence across national systems."
Such remittances enabled thousands of Jamaicans, for example, to recover from the devastation of Hurricane Gilbert in 1988, when storm damage was estimated at more than one-quarter of the country's annual GDP and nearly three households in four reported damage.
This much is clear, however: there is little confidence in Bush's economic policies.
In France, May 10 is a day to commemorate the abolition of slavery.
After the US military action in Iraq, the tables may be turning in surprising ways.
As a result, the "peasant question" is now threatening social stability and is potentially explosive in a way reminiscent of when Mao organized his revolution around peasant disaffection with the rural policies of the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek.
Labor leaders are often charged with "organizing an illegal procession" or "disturbing the social order."
This cost would be spread over several years.
Corporate profits are bursting at the seams of investors' expectations in virtually every corner of the world.
Never in Hong Kong's history has popular opposition--uniting investment bankers, street hawkers, off-duty civil servants, and artists, among others--been so loud.
The saving rate in China is the highest of any major country.
Another of Brave New World's strategies for control was to maximize divisions among the populace.
Like stealing. Boris Yeltsin's post-1996 government, indeed, showed that stealing can be a full-time job for ministers.
At various times he was persona non grata to the authorities in a number of countries after characterizing either their policies or their behaviour in ways they did not appreciate. It did not help that he was more often right than not.
Second, the international financial system is biased in favor of the wealthy center.
TRIMs institutionalize and reinforce this bias.
The pot could be further sweetened by offers to relax existing sanctions and provide a security guarantee if Iran remains non-nuclear.
But this resilience should not hide a deeper evolution.
A recent opinion poll in Japan shows that 68% of Japanese believe that the US and Britain should not attack Iraq.
The power behind Obasanjo is his Vice President, Abubakar Atiku, a northern Muslim.
Who will make Germany an engine of Europe again rather than a gloomy passenger?
It had been assumed that thousands of Hezbollah rockets fired in concentrated barrages -- which cancel out the inaccuracy of unguided rockets and powerfully compound blast effects -- would kill many civilians, perhaps hundreds each day.
It need not be this way.
From Depression to Freedom
In retrospect, it was paradoxically India's nuclear tests in May 1998 that broke the logjam in relations with the US.
Yet few reflect and apologize.
But, as a matter of economic principle, practical diplomacy, and visionary politics, aren't regional free-trade areas at least a step in the right direction?
Indeed, when deciding how much disaster aid to offer, countries often seem to be influenced mainly by their leaders' concerns about how others will view them.
For all their subliminal paid promotions and subtle product placements, corporations are getting drubbed in the main story lines of our popular culture.
Europe needs structural reforms, but such reforms alone will not end the Continent's malaise, and some measures - those that weaken employment protection or the social safety net - may come at a high price, especially for people at the bottom.
Not surprisingly, this takes time, resources, and effort.
One is focused on his own judicial and economic interests (call this his ``personal reform'' program), much of which he has pursued and implemented ruthlessly.
Like Germany in the mid-19th century, or Japan in the 1960's, China sees many advantages in participating in the international order more or less as it is currently configured.
But nobody should imagine that Europeans are ever likely to share the priority attached by America to the value of military power.
In fact, Pope John Paul II, a man not usually described as soft in his religious commitments, has openly endorsed evolution, even Darwinism.
We should attack our enemies directly and not back off till we succeed." A third respondent said something similar.
There is a deeper issue at stake.
But the loosely worded accord soon collapsed, and North Korea refused to return to the talks until the US stopped shutting down bank accounts suspected of counterfeiting and laundering money for Kim's regime.
The recent referendum in Chechnya on a new constitution coincided with the start of the war in Iraq.
Poland's parliamentary and presidential elections this month saw the death of a left-leaning postcommunist party that mostly dominated the country since 1995.
The dream of improving the world disguised a farce that affected not only a single life, as in Cervantes' story, and affected not only the misleading army of buffoons believed to be missionaries.
I was living in a miserable hotel in a rundown neighborhood, consumed with a newcomer's neurotic insecurity.
0.0
America's commitment to a rapid return to the gold standard prevented an increase in the dollar price of gold, so deflation ensued.
Article 11 of the new constitution declares that "All that is not written in the exclusive powers of the federal authorities is in the authority of the regions."
Rising life expectancy coupled with low birth rates shape the demography of almost all prosperous countries.
Manufacturing workers and high-tech professionals alike in Europe and America are being challenged by global competition.
With hands dangling from his arms, the rebels dumped Emmanuel in the cemetery.
"I am still OK," I reasoned. "They still let me write what I want..."
Mexico today is victim of a gaping ideological divide that most other countries in Latin America have put behind them.
Censorship has been made easier, not more difficult, by the government's decision in the 1990's to shift to a free-market strategy for entertainment products.
Yet diplomacy and development take a distant second and third place behind defense -- or more accurately, military -- approaches in US foreign policy spending.
Calderón means continuity; that's probably why he won, and that is what Mexico needs.
Questions drawn from Islamic theology are discussed freely by the world public, engaging specialists and non-specialists, Muslims and non-Muslims.
Together with a group of friendly countries, the OAS and the Carter Center helped convince Chávez of the inevitability of a recall vote.
The EU made these promises at the Council of Europe in December 2003 and formally at the Council of Foreign Ministers in April 2004. But so far it has not fulfilled them.
Democratic Latin America limps sideways because it can't run ahead.
For deniers, the problem is not that the Holocaust occurred, but that most people still consider it to be a bad thing.
The international community can realize this goal if it is prepared to stay the course and work with Iraqis until the fundamentals of a democratic society take hold.
Why not postpone enlargement, they ask, until some of the states demanding to join Nato have gained EU membership, where elements of their security concerns may be met?
ROME: What does the future hold for transatlantic relations?
But diplomacy regarding the Korean peninsula, in which all roads lead to Beijing, has opened the door to China as the new "go-to" guy.
In the 1952 presidential election campaign, Dwight Eisenhower and his future secretary of state, John Foster Dulles, heaped scorn on containment, calling instead for a "rollback" of the Soviets in Eastern Europe.
But will American resources help to strengthen Pax Africana , or will American power simply turn it into a handmaiden of Pax Americana ?
Perhaps the key difference between Evita and Cristina is the fact that Evita, the "standard-bearer of the poor," was an actress hunting for her destiny when she met Perón.
As sons must revere fathers, so subjects must revere their rulers.
When an economy eats into its productive base in order to raise current production, eventually GNP will decline, too, unless policies were to so change that wealth begins to accumulate.
The discovery that the link between negative moods and negative thoughts remains ready to be reactivated even when people feel well is hugely important: it means that preventing future crises depends on learning how to keep mild upsets from spiraling out of control.
Approach the city and you see the urban center of the world -- a hard and harried place, marked by social contrasts as dizzying as its skyscrapers and with a sense of transience as elevated as its buildings.
The boundary between implicit and explicit incitement is not easily drawn, but, again, it should be wider rather than narrower.
In the period preceding the signing, however, French foreign minister Michel Barnier chastised him for lacking a "European reflex".
The changes underway in American defense policy reflect planning assumptions.
The time to act is now.
The WHO recommends what it calls a "Directly Observed Therapy Strategy" (DOTS) and has set diagnostic thresholds of at least 70% of infectious cases, and curative thresholds of 85%.
Much of the regional differences can be explained by their degree of democracy and openness rather than ethnicity.
But the flip side of the cash nexus is the freedom and self-determination that comes from overturning customary social relations such as slavery and serfdom, which totally subordinated the individual to the will of a master.
Other countries have been more successful due to fortunate circumstances.
uncertainties connected to America's massive trade deficit, which has reached all- time records.
There is also trouble brewing in some of the newly admitted member countries, such as Hungary and Poland, where the EU could play a more proactive role in promoting democratic stability.
Indeed, probably no nation of global significance has more unresolved issues concerning its ruling principles and structures.
Eighteen months later, the results are falling far short of the goal.
First, Central Asia is an important source of energy.
Politicians like this because it increases demand for their services.
The lower a government activity's externalities, the more it should be localized.
The short-term issue concerns egg production, which in many fish is proportional to body size: large individuals contribute far more to future generations than small individuals.
Suppose you could divide reforming countries into two categories: those whose previous policies benefited the rich, keeping inequality artificially high; and those whose previous policies had the opposite effect, keeping inequality low.
It will be particularly difficult in an environment in which the sharia -- that is, Islamic religious law administered not by judges but by priests -- is never far away.
But eventually, consumers refuse to buy more even if prices continue to fall.
In a world of internal and external security threats, the EU will need a stronger executive capable of reacting quickly to unfolding events.
When the best players play together, the quality of each, and of the team as a whole, increases exponentially.
Ultimately the US decided to go ahead without Security Council approval.
Something else is needed as well.
So, if oil substitutes are not easily available, modern societies should focus on the sources of demand, most of which is attributable to the transport sector.
For Stern, this was part of the cultural soil in which National Socialism flourished.
Although the Saudi ruling family, the al-Saud, is under enormous pressure to follow the example of its neighbors, internal resistance to doing so remains very strong.
As if that were not bad enough, Germany's new government is promising to raise taxes.
America's imposition of tariffs on imported steel has been greeted with a howl of protest around the world.
Throughout Iran's long history, Shiite seminaries exercised great influence on Iranian society and politics, but they had been considered civil institutions.
But this does not explain why these groups supposedly hate each other so much.
So it is logical to ask: what are the realistic scenarios concerning the consequences of such an intervention? Are there any plans regarding how to handle the post-strike situation?
Representatives may demand interpretation into their home language, but a proposal to limit each country's translation budget is likely to be accepted soon.
European diplomats should weigh up the consequences of accommodating Castro's regime.
· Third, after ending the grueling sanctions, from which Iraqi civilians have long suffered, the occupying forces should concentrate on rebuilding Iraq politically and economically, along the lines of the post-WWII occupations of America's enemies.
This is alien to any and all concepts of liberty.
- Good decisions need time.
In the last four years, radical Islam has established itself in the Northern Caucasus.
Something like this is now occurring in Afghanistan.
Our cities are exploding in size, depleting water resources and creating horrific traffic congestion.
The paradox is that this was no victory for economics.
Such people are more likely to seek to strengthen their privileges than promote pluralism and the rule of law.
The ILO is a tripartite organization with representatives of labor, government, and business.
Conscious of its vulnerability to rocket attacks, Israel knows that needs a defensible state, safe from external aggression.
Third, the new neighbors present the EU with its most important cross-border issues.
In 2001, as our Maoist insurgency intensified and casualties soared, almost the entire royal family -- including King Birendra -- were massacred by one of Nepal's princes.
What's France's excuse?
The ICD code also frames eligibility for related social goods like hospital care, medical retirement, claims for disability compensation, hospice care, and home health care, to name a few.
Sweden's government wanted the country to join, because it was afraid of the consequences of staying outside.
But her triumph is only part of an intense political debate of the sort France has not seen for decades.
Teach young people some basic marketing skills and then send them out to Argentina's embassies. They will work wonders, unlike the cheap talk of Ambassador Amadeo at Washington dinner tables.
Indeed, the Al Saud clan's third and fourth generations are divided not only in political and religious affiliation, but also range in age from 20 to 90 years old.
Above all, the conservatives' fate - and the fate of the regime as a whole - depends on the country's punishing economy.
Those with a job are protected, those without one are hurt.
As Thucydides put it in his history of the Peloponnesian War, "The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must."
It is typically found that the degree of convergence is very high in terms of foreign trade, capital flows, and banking sector integration, while cyclical convergence and labor mobility have been low so far.
In liberal, market driven societies, however, eugenics will not be coercively imposed by the state for the collective good.

Those who recommend a unilateral American foreign policy based on such traditional descriptions of American power are relying on a woefully inadequate analysis.
As for the Fedayeen Saddam, they are village ruffians unfamiliar with Baghdad's urban landscape.
Twenty years ago, real short-term interest rates were exceptionally high by historical standards because the major central banks of the world wanted to combat what was seen at the time as inaction against spiraling inflation.
Occasionally Blair flirts with the idea of more European cooperation on foreign policy and defense.
Judgment in Phnom Penh
The laws of economics state that when the demand for a commodity begins to outstrip supply the price will rise. Leaving aside short-term speculative markets, demand will then decrease and supply (including the supply of substitutes) will increase.
More importantly, the United States and Ukraine are talking seriously about Ukraine's rapid accession to NATO, by 2008.
Important divergences re-emerge on social questions.
Given the new challenges of gobalized insecurity caused, at least in part, by the privatization of force, there is now an urgent task to develop international norms that are relevant to today's conditions.
An unnecessary precaution.
Consider for a moment the vast quantity of column inches and hours of television devoted to the allegations of detainee abuse at Abu Ghraib.
For its part, the opposition still lacks clear leadership and a single leader who can offer a clear alternative to Chávez and mobilize voters.
Here, too, there are examples of improvement.
Most companies are no better at managing or even recognizing the different kinds of economic risks that their workers face.
However, these breaks disrupt and damage the DNA when they are copied as DNA replicates.
"We have lived like pigs for half-a-century, so why not keep living like that for another fifty years?"
In France, by contrast, the appointment of the black anchorwoman Audrey Pulvar was big news on its own, because most of her colleagues in France are white.
Even Ireland, the champion of economic liberalization, has now turned to a more selective approach.
Will today's government do better? This will only be assured if citizens organize themselves to play a more direct role in relief and rehabilitation for the long term.
In short, as Greenspan departs, he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets -- a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability.
At the same time, overwhelming majorities of Kurds, Sunnis, and Shi'ites -- more than eight out of ten -- preferred to be seen as Iraqis first, believing that "Iraq will be a better society if people treat one another as Iraqis."
Because this inevitably lowers the threshold for use.
That is why I offer a program that addresses such key issues as the effective representation of women in government, the need to urgently address environmental problems, to strengthen rule of law, transparency, and accountability, and to move toward universal suffrage in the election of top executive positions.
What will this require?
Two centuries later that was no longer the case: by the end of the nineteenth century, median living standards in Britain and other countries to which the Industrial Revolution had spread were, for the first time in recorded history, light-years above any neo-Malthusian benchmark of subsistence.
Among the EU's new members, English is rapidly replacing Russian as the most widely used foreign language.
a la carte multilateralism.
Nor, judging from the World Bank's practices while she was its chief economist, is there reason to hope for more meaningful participation by developing countries, much less a genuine debate about alternative strategies.
Developing countries ask why they should pay attention to global warming if rich countries are not prepared to curtail their own emissions sharply?
To give Russians back a feeling of pride in their homeland, and to create the conditions for a revival of our historical spiritual and cultural traditions, we must revive our schools, eradicate the spirit of depravity and violence in the media, provide everyone with access to masterpieces of Russian culture, and create the conditions for a social partnership between the state and the church.
In the past, the Baltic Sea Region was one of Europe's most economically dynamic areas.
While Western Europe was free to construct common institutions for peace and prosperity, the Soviet Union subjugated our Central and Eastern heartland.
Nepotism of this type is practically the organizing principle of big business in China, where most lucrative deals involve the ``princelings,'' the offspring of the communist leaders, who number perhaps 3,000-4,000.
Under FHC, Brazil pioneered an effective response to the AIDS epidemic by guaranteeing access to antiretroviral medicines and to widespread counseling and viral testing.
But this issue too is not on the agenda.
Only negotiations, not legal bickering, can put an end to this iniquity.
Is it conceivable that China (soon to be a member) would agree to the inclusion of human rights?
In 1997, America privatized the US Enrichment Corporation (USEC).
Under Angela Merkel's leadership, for example, Germany's Christian Democrats are increasingly flirting with xenophobia.
The Japanese scare story of the 1990s, in which monetary and fiscal policy prove powerless in the face of a sustained deflation, is the economic trauma now used to rationalize Bush's vast 10-year program of tax cutting.
In Japan, such skits are apparently regarded as humorous; in China, the skit was seen as lewd and insulting.
Al Qaeda's network of tens of thousands of people in loosely affiliated cells in some sixty countries gives it a scale surpassing anything seen before.
Hunting after his own ghost -- an obvious sign of inner unhappiness -- Hidalgo searched for a place where dreams, reality, sainthood, love, and justice coexist.
Kurds exceeded this number, with 95% claiming an improvement.
Today democracy has to mean "elections plus" - but plus what?
Some American banks are likely to report large losses as a result of the stock market collapse. Yes, it is possible that the US dollar will keep losing value.
Ever since de Gaulle, all candidates for the French presidency who started too early have lost.
A third argument, held by some French Gaullists and many EU left-wingers, says that Europe needs a common foreign and defense policy to resist American hegemony.
True, oil is far less important to the industrial economies nowadays than in the past, but an extra $10 dollars per barrel in costs is a huge shock that will hit hard.
Hence, they accord no rights to the prisoners at Guantanamo in the absence of implementing legislation.
As in the 1970's and the 1980's, the rising Asian currency is seen as a much greater threat because that is where the biggest trade imbalances lie.
But there are not many countries where that would be true.
Many historians have argued that German society under Hitler was somehow uniquely evil.
By the end of the voting, our party had no observers at 6 out of 10 rural stations.
The primary objective of these centers would be "normal" science, with missions and profiles that feed from their local context.
Gorbachev refused to sanction the use of force to put down demonstrations.
But you must have the resources, the support.
So the Kremlin should strive for voluntary recognition of its leadership based on economic and social achievements.
All of that is now gravely at risk - a dangerous turn of events.
Because Trichet's pre-announcement of a moderate interest rate hike conjures up visions of a Fed-like series of small interest rate hikes over an extended period of time, the ECB president also pre-announced his disinclination to follow in US Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan's footsteps in this regard.
Schröder's Social Democrats also lost 2% of the popular vote compared with 1998, and ended up with a little less than 40% of the total.
Germany's media largely supports the critique.
Although Japan continues to stagnate, and Western Europe hovers on the edge of recession, a solid "output-growth" recovery in the US should prove to be a big help in boosting demand in the rest of the world.
What the Kremlin will care about is the looming choice of Chechnya's president.
The list goes on to focus on agricultural technologies to tackle food production and hunger, as well as technologies to boost the supply of clean drinking water and improve sanitation.
Within Christianity, for well-known historical reasons, Protestantism has had a comparative advantage in adapting to pluralism.
The sessions resulted in stories that highlighted mistreatment of women and children and the failures of government agencies to deliver promised services.
There may be some technical measures that can be taken, like banning parties and candidates who campaign against democracy, or whose democratic credentials are weak.
He identified his source "a Hutu" and reported that arms were ready for the impending ethnic cleansing.
This is doubtless an attempt to deflect attention from Fujimori's own crimes perpetuated from 1990 to 2000, before he fled to Japan.
Many statistical lives -- your own, perhaps -- could be saved by excluding future payment for some expensive medical treatment (say, hemodialysis) for those who are now healthy and reallocating the funds to cheap but effective prevention programs.
Israel's unilateral withdrawal from all 21 Gaza settlements and four in the West Bank has created a new reality for Palestinians.
Never has the need for international organizations like the IMF, the World Bank, and the World Trade Organization been greater, and seldom has confidence in these institutions been lower.
That lesson has had to be relearned throughout the ages: the lesson that weakness is provocative, that a refusal to confront gathering dangers can increase, not reduce, future peril, and that victory ultimately comes only to those who are purposeful and steadfast.
-3.3
He hopes that with a few months, he can then withdraw American troops to the periphery of Baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to Iraqi forces.
Madonna and Child
After World War II, the US launched the first "law and development movement" to promote growth and slow communism's spread.
But the British economy is in a precarious state, and public services remain a mess.
Similarly, Cyprus's entry into the EU, coupled with Turkey's EU aspirations, has created a unique catalyst for tearing down the "Berlin Wall" that runs through the capital, Nicosia, separating the island's Christian and Muslim communities.
Its preamble, which opens with the phrase "We, the Egyptian people," can be read as a scathing attack on Egypt's current political order, and calls for an end to fear and despotism.
For Argentineans, the diminutive Diego Maradona represented the revenge of the weak and the deprived.
True, Koizumi has announced that, if Japan's economy deteriorates sharply, in part as a result of his reform measures and budget cuts, he will take "bold flexible measures".
In a Union of soon 25 members, it will be increasingly difficult to let everyone have a say and to generate consensus.
They built their fragile house of peace on a foundation of coal and steel.
Over the last decade, trade liberalization and monetary integration supported the expansion of market-based financing in Europe.
But that is all it is.
These practices can have a positive impact on profits through increased productivity, lower staff turnover, greater amenability to change, more innovation, and better, more reliable output.
Aging populations are forcing many countries to address pressures on their budgets and social security systems.
Guilt and Shame in Abu Ghraib
But the economic dislocations of the last decade, coupled with the lack of adequate social safety nets in less developed countries, have generated tremendous resentment against globalization.
Only that change in private expectations will make the bank's policy effective.
Doctors have pointed out that, whilst recognizing that an increasing majority of the population wants such a service to be available, to hasten death intentionally is still inherently incompatible with the basic objectives of medicine.
There, too, the ICTY will not be missed.
The Social Democrats (SPD) and the Christian Democrats (CDU) are both committed to the "social market economy," to the essentials of corporatist economic management, to maintaining the entitlements of the welfare state, and to the EU and NATO.
It ordered the withdrawal from Gaza in order to stop the cycle of violence there, on the presumption that Israeli territory proper would not be attacked.
But, because fetuses, at least at the stage of development when most abortions are performed, have yet to develop any kind of consciousness, it seems reasonable to regard ending their lives as much less serious than killing a normal human being.
If, say, the central bank starts buying long_term bonds from the private sector at below_market interest rates, this should help convince the public that the bank intends to stick to a future low interest_rate policy.
Today, most Israelis believe that this step, though justified on strategic grounds in the face of constant attacks by the Lebanese group Hizbollah, convinced Palestinians that violence worked.
Despite many misgivings regarding its conduct in other areas, the Saudi regime should be commended for this initiative.
True, in the endgame of the talks, the US caved in to its wealthy and powerful agribusiness lobby.
The economic takeoff of these two giants started 40 years ago with the introduction of higher agricultural output and an end to famines.
Sexy Culture
Recent research even questions whether targeting price stability reduces the tradeoff between inflation and unemployment.
For if the share of national income going to the poor does not fall with economic growth then of course the poor will gain in absolute terms; growth will be poverty reducing, and contraction will be poverty increasing.
Even if it was, the problems of mass urbanization in the twenty-first century will not be solved by such crude methods.
Europeans who considered Turkey a potential Trojan horse for America within the European Union were forced to reconsider.
Recent studies show that financial incentives to promote earlier retirement are sometimes powerful, so much so that continuing to work becomes a prohibitively expensive.
The US won't "run out of dollars" to service its foreign debts, in the same way that Argentina or Korea ran out of dollars needed to repay foreign creditors during the past decade.
Indeed, Bolton even wanted to eliminate any reference to the MDG.
In forty years, a demographic implosion within China, the consequence of its one-child policy, will make European and Japanese concerns about aging populations look trivial.
His battles were in a decidedly popular art.
Because Japan's export sector is so small, barely 10% of GDP, the depreciation would have to be enormous to stoke the entire economy.
Many of Rivero's old friends feared that talking to the poet would endanger them, and he appeared lonely.
Bolivia contributed to these joint enterprises not only with resources, but also with previous investments.
In real terms, they are forced to pay back more and more to their creditors.
Two distinct realms of self‑defense exist within the law of war. One is the justification for going to war in the first place; the second is the use of force in combat in the course of war, such as killing civilians who are attacking soldiers.
If their claim is upheld, then the cynics are right: our revolution was merely about whether one class or another, one person or another, would obtain the power to work his or her will.
Unlike in Venezuela, there is a viable scenario in which both visions--macroeconomic orthodoxy and greater social justice--can be realized.
The economic implications of such a stance, however, are perverse.
My colleagues and I addressed this question in a review published in The Lancet in April 2004.
If they do, I only ask that the people of Zimbabwe remain strong and carry on the work that we began together.
Russian generals insist that conscription must be maintained so that, if necessary, a large-scale war can be waged.
Mixed motives are not necessarily bad motives.
Meanwhile, Yushchenko was forced to accept a poorly designed political reform full of traps.
This is especially crucial for poor countries, where slower global growth means continuing hardship.
Egyptian-born Sheik Hilaly, in Sydney, may have been verbalizing a latent sense of otherness and mistaking it for insight.
They held no illusions that their country was a democracy.
Looking back, it is ironic that the Chinese government's draconian "one-child" policy, imposed in 1979, was implemented at the same time as the "open door" policy, aimed at capturing labor-intensive foreign manufacturing investment.
First, investors, recognizing that the dollar is overvalued and that they are likely to suffer large losses when it returns to its fundamental value, could start selling their Treasury bonds, corporate bonds, and mortgage-backed securities.
For decades, due to rampant protectionism, the ratio of Brazil's exports to GNP was one of the lowest in the world.
The service contains an electronic newsletter that includes Syria-related reports and articles gathered from a variety of sources, often including comments by opposition figures at home and abroad.
But some subsidies, like cotton subsidies in the United States, are rightly emblematic of America's bad faith.
Liberal Western and domestic circles commonly characterize Vladimir Putin's government as increasingly authoritarian and ineffective.
Not unlike Holland in the early 1980s, Brazil's economy today faces the challenge of stimulating rapid employment growth amid fiscal constraints and high interest rates.
China's Political Bedlam
Strictly speaking, they are guilty more of confusing the potential and the actual than the true and the false.
In fact, Russia's foreign policy is Putin personified: the president decides and executes almost everything.
By embedding death in rituals, society made its self-questioning into a part of itself.
Likewise, France's economic growth is waning not because France has failed to undertake necessary structural reforms, but because European interest rates are too high.
Literary works in which people who committed cruel, bloody acts were transformed into vampires became popular from 1820 onwards.
The tide of political change is irreversible. But we must be prepared to pay a high price for our freedom.
Large as the number of such arrests and prosecutions is, the true extent of the government's suppression of independent thought and activity is even greater.
Where the international community can help Argentina is by opening its doors to Argentine goods, taking the rhetoric of free trade seriously and recognizing that trade can be an important instrument not only for long-term growth, but also for economic recovery.
Because the country's rulers include many members of his team, such a possibility probably exists.
Did anyone doubt the legitimacy of the result?
In each case, a small increase in today's very low inflation rates would eliminate any real gain from investing in bonds.
Autocracy, not dictatorship.
But it is one thing to hold the high hand in a game that you play only once.
On his return from the signature of the Amsterdam Treaty in 1997, Robin Cook, the British Foreign Secretary at the time, announced that "The federalists have been defeated."
As the huge buildup of dollar reserves -- now almost $800 billion -- expands China's domestic monetary base, short-term interest rates will be driven down, at least until they hit zero.
It needs to accept that globalization is above all an opportunity, one that must be grasped by confident, innovative, and entrepreneurial people.
He pointed particularly to the PLA's increasing number of short-, intermediate- and even long-range ballistic missiles.
Today its problems look, as the Brookings Institution economist Peter Orszag says, much more like the equivalent of a slow tire leak: you have to fix it eventually, but it isn't very hard to do and repair it isn't terribly urgent.
Third, instead of futile opposition between "liberal" and "social" models of economic development, we need a confrontation of the experiences of Great Britain and Sweden, on the one hand, and Germany and France, on the other.
They were admitted to the EU only fifteen years after the fall of communism, and not all of them had previous experience with democracy.
For example, the refugee problem cannot be separated from wider problems concerning the integration of all inhabitants of Palestine, Jordan, and Israel -- where the refugees are most numerous -- into civil societies where they may enjoy equal legal status and equal access to economic and cultural opportunities.
One oligarch, Yamagata Aritomo, made the bureaucracy immune to political meddling by obtaining a personal communication from the emperor that could never be overruled.
Arab democracy, he claims, has now become a domestic concern in the United States, which will make it hard for American presidents to sweep the abuses of friendly Arab regimes under the rug, as they did in the past.
In the wake of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, President George W. Bush helped fashion and lead the largest coalition in history -- 80-plus nations -- to fight the global war on terror.
But the West would also suffer, for a new "instability arch" along the Russian-Ukrainian border would kill the idea of establishing an alliance of the world's large powers against new threats and revive rivalry between blocs of a different kind.
To state the obvious, military/political occupations and international oversight of a country are never welcome to the people who are being occupied and/or overseen.
Soon, however, the Pentagon's language lost its sharp edge: the problem did not really exist as the captives would be released soon anyway, and were treated well anyway.
Until recently, the region maintained a trade surplus with the US, but with liberalization, the region will increase imports of more affordable goods, thereby turning the surplus into a deficit.
Because they know how supposedly "innocent" insinuations grow into accusations and that accusations can become discrimination and soon after legislation. It is then that hysteria is set loose.
For Pakistan's small and embattled liberal and left-wing forces, he is yet another military dictator who seized and holds power by force, undermining the development of democracy.
For years I've tried to discover the underpinnings of this homophobia, which remains deeply rooted despite the progressive liberalization of public opinion in most areas of morality: contraception, premarital cohabitation, divorce, single motherhood, women's rights, have all gradually (if grudgingly) been assimilated into the spectrum of "normal" behavior.